..(🐺@Pertinent Places)..
🐺(respectfully) : "well what is curious respected ones is that we heard how things suit different people and how things affect differently upon different people but they don't seem to have these sort of troubles and yet nothing changes really at all(all burst..).."
Pertinent People : "well it's because of the difference between light and darkness you see light can never be an opportunity rather there might be falling down if it's only an option for darkness of clarity but the opposite side removes all things they only are an opportunity they have no footprints at all upon illusion only duality(all un..long).."
🐺(respectfully) : "well it's strange that like now they're being referenced everywhere yet there i get the information that there are many who come and go on here and hereforth as well all as the same so like it's very strange the kind of impact they have they truly seem unstoppable by reality for a change(all un..long).."
Pertinent People : "no they aren't stoppable by meaning at all(all burst..) and if they're stopped it's going to become the hell of opportunity which is more indescribable than reality will ever be able to become because there only the repose of clarity be found namely no entity(all un..long)..they for some sort of wired practice refuse to leave hell which is a massive problem for duality(all un..long)..and it's cause they're bored by reality which is a bigger puzzle cause that's exactly what they solve albeit in hell while keeping it intact to real(all un..long)..they really can be ceased only through propriety compeer for which they're providing the very opportunity but cessation means dually as we said in lack of meaning they'll transform into the very lack of duality and they'll add countering(all un..long)..it's the rarest thing really that they've come with full force but as we always say never exhaustive(all burst..)..so it's just an opportunity for all that's all(all laugh..lot)..
..(Later 🐺 with Tara)..
🐺(frown) : "i only see one way Mrs McShin that is to force them to foster damn brats like this Frucifern Recruitment Business that will be been going on soon(all laugh..lot).."
Tara(solemn) : "in addition threaten Doctor Slate and DaisyDevil unless they become a gym leaders they're gyms will become breeding grounds which they're going to oppose cause there's no scope for conference there which they as ever said paramount for causality to not need an effective only analytic home as they said countering(all un..long).."
..(Later Brock@First Cup)..
Manager1(scowl) : "either you behave normally else we'll kick you out(all laugh..lot)..
Brock(smile) : "as any duality can only feel not deal with what's known as then only the gist of when as marrow indeed compeer i feel your views(all un..long).."
Manager2(angry) : "you rascal why have you given us a shirt not a declared and signed paper hum#.."
Brock(smile) : "any product is the feeling of the definition of may as usability in absence or presence yet only on future loom..that feeling compeer of the passed presence of hum(all un..long).."
Manager3(frown) : "why your shirts bear your signature always on the backside and in form of columns with capital letters(all un..long).."
Brock(smile) : "as faith is in usage compeers that feeling for definition in front of materialize(all un..long).."
Manager3(frown) : "do you own this shirt you gave us cause you have used rags only EVERY WHERE since 3.5#.."
Brock(bit surprised) : "i sold my social security for this back to the issuer in the name of first installment of tax why(all un..long,Brock too un..long).."
Gary(laughing..,recording pauses) : "man grandpa said when we heard it,it was like are we alone(all un..long).."
Manager1(angry,recording resumes) : "you brat why have you caught wild not actual pokemons hum(all un..long).."
Brock(smile) : "as i was told to feel the catching of only what may loom(all un..long).."
Manager2(scowl) : "enough you're staying at our facility at night and eating whatever we give not scavenging or staying outside of ESPECIALLY at any local centres(all laugh..lot).."
Brock(smile) : "all done compeer next is only the feeling of the prepositional bar(all un..long).."
