CAUTION!A RANDOM HUMDRUM!

May(laugh) : "well then after meeting Ash as he sniffs that i've been captured into the cauldron of self to self tickling(all laugh..lot) we go to the bus stop to get the last bus and there i meet first time physically A Random Tryrantum BY EVERY MEANING OF MEANS(all laugh..lot),so firstly i said,um..hallow Mr Ketchum i'm..,'I : an experience of durable sanity'(all un..),i just laughed and said,um.. yeah welcome to Hoenn Judiciary(all burst..,Rakim,Ash and Stash un..),the reply is(laughing),'polymerase clarity of inductive yet,only recoverable in recursion,parity,countering indeed(all un..)',i said um..yeah it's an opportunity surely(all laugh..lot),'if illumined by sufficiency of mental charity indeed(all un..)','um..yeah that(all laugh..lot) but um..me and Mr Ash we met at Birch lab and he accepted my invitation to come and visit my home so we're going to my home that is Pettlesberg gym so um..you're most welcome Mr Ketchum if you don't have other engagements','refutable derangements,countering deductible amusements indeed(all un..)',so i truly didn't understand where i was(all laugh..lot) now keeping me firmly stationed at echelons of parity by introducing me to Guzzle Humdrum is a profit of time using which Ash bought the tickets(all burst..,Ash,Rakim and Stash un..),so then he comes in and we get going Ash first me in the middle bro last escorting me out of sanity(all laugh..lot),then we get to the buses but find Ash will be going on Tilly(all laugh..lot) cause this was an opportunity for me to see the vulture dealer too countering the broker who counters him for me to see if their is afterall ingenuity in this business of spatiotemporal consultation of amusement as he mentioned(all un..,David..LASTLY THE METICULOUS VAGABONDS OF RANDOM ETHICS,all un..)..yeah most certainly these are the exact words that i too felt in meaning as i understood the motive behind their actions THE MEANING(all laugh..lot,Rakim,Ash and Stash un..),anyway then bro gets in the bus people object why of all the people to ever live you need a bus(all laugh..lot),'to release the sloth of time upon space as a revolution of disgust,anything else'(all un..),then we get in i was on the moon by then people were looking at me with bewilderment as to if i was drugged or something in an attempt of abduction(all burst..) anyway then as i said talked about things there inside then finally we get down get in and all then next day is a Monday so dad said surely either of you can take over for a day or both in two halves(all laugh..lot) which they said yeah no trouble 6 years down the line they would've said yeah you can take our brat and 3 years removed would've said just sit down relax and watch the show by itself(all laugh..lot) anyway then next day first half is Ash so he told mom and dad to enjoy a date(all laugh..lot) so they happily obliged thinking what will happen to us(all laugh..lot) then Ash goes to battlefield there was a huge queue outside we saw with a lots of chatter news spreading faster than thought ofcourse countering(all laugh..lot) so bro tells all in reservation to go and handle them cause it will be a busy time throughout the day as it's only 8 minutes 150 people group discussion in the end the real attraction(all laugh..lot)..topic is Bewear(all laugh.lot) anyway then bro gets into reservation unleashing the choiced brats upon our poor kids(all laugh..lot) and he does the other things like taking care of them and was alone except the mandatory guards none inside reservation though(all laugh..lot) and we were helping him so the result is this(all laugh..lot)..
..(recording,Stash first ever day at Pettlesberg Gym with,rounding the reservation with May and Max)..
Max(smile,bit excited) : "um..yeah bro i always wanted to ask you of your very first official match(All laugh..lot,Rakim,Ash and Stash..DASHING DASHING ROCK,all laugh..lot)"
Stash(thought) : "yeah it was at Pewter,7 City,Kanto against our third travel companion as you know(all laugh..lot,Stash..years go by/looking at me off my/thus when i know that my soul me is no more seeming neigh/i bid farewell to myself thus action hallow never hi,all un..,David..MERCENARY OF MORALITY,all un..)..then my twins also had their battles as did their best friends pun intended,countering(all un..,David..royalty TO SANITY,all un..,Rakim,Ash and Stash un..) infact as you may know if Mr Brock Slate didn't clear us that day me and my bros we would've never had come upto today at this point with 3 cumulative titles and 3 specialist tours and all but yeah i battled with Chu against his Onix who is last from his first region Kanto now a Steelix evolved when he returned to gym leading after Kanto itself so yeah was the opening experience.."
Max(a bit surprised) : "um..i see but um..like the strategies..(all burst..,David..numerators of honesty,all un..,Ash,Rakim and Stash un..).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "well there's no need of any if the meaning is known that is this desire to win for which the whole thing has to be construed of existence hence i thought to be conscious of it rather than being symbolic to it(all un..),Ash and Raki were the ones infact to tell me to get in this profession they might've battled i don't know i can't either battle or know if they are doing so(all un..)..their brats in case of Raki it was Ultranercozma vs Bronzong(all laugh..lot) and in case of Ash it was Diagla vs the same(all laugh..lot,Ash,Stash and Rakim..DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER JUST TAKE A LOOK AT THE CLOCK/IT SAYS THAT YOU'RE SHIFTING IN PHASES WHICH ISN'T TIME BUT THE COMING OF YOUR FEELING TO BE SO AT THE DOOR OF YOUR INTLLECT AS THESE LOGICALLY DEDUCTIVE FEELINGS THERE KNOCK,all un..,David..OH PEWTER HAIL THE DASHING ROCK!,all laugh..lot)..so yeah they may've battled but those two said all they both were doing in essence was to humidify their attention with provable incentives hence were shaky in analytical countering only great in analogical bickering(all un..)"
Max(puzzled) : "um..yeah i guess(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "well it's imperative that a guess is subject to exploration and analysis thus actually is only a mention of being authentic to be another that all in induction i meant not recursion(all un..).."
Max(puzzled) : "um..but how do you battle like actually in matches(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "well when i started i was told that i have to stand at a place be connected to my chosen pokemon and answer the ways through many planes that are the actual attacks against another person or many if it's unofficially sanctioned then as they try to stay longer than me there using various effects and strategies and all that the meaning is only that they want to remain there longer than me remain connected to their pokemons who will stay physically conscious longer than my pokemon singular or plural so all the meaning is that they want to REMAIN longer there now if closely noticed remaining means as defined in lexicon is to stay for which you need a space as lexicon suggests but the meaning is that they want another which should stay there as the other so eventually about them they have to bother if they by then lost their shine by becoming them or are they still definable as another,countering(all un..) thus infact they lose by themselves the moment they want to win,draw or most importantly lose(all un..)..they thus lose if they act they lose Max they lose by themselves if they want to be so desperately another(all laugh..lot) thus in reverse about them why would i bother to help them being the other(all un..,Iris..DAY IN THE PROFESSIONAL LIFE OF A PERSONAL SQUIRTLE,all un..)..so this is all ofcourse my real place is in the road infact i'm living 8 years more than i should've physically ofcourse(all laugh..lot) it's a tragedy of existence to me nothing else(all laugh..lot) so then i went to get a job as a sewage worker there too people disturbed me saying why aren't you just me(all laugh..lot) when i told them it's cause me they want to make them while perceiving me as me that's them thus perceiving them as not themselves but them and other in selves despite claiming self to be abstract thus their definitions of them wanting to stay as me not them hence not hallow but hi(all un..) hence in contrast their definition of themselves being them to me is ever saying not welcome but bye,countering(all un..)"
May(smiling) : "thus this difference is why also to this profession you were forced in weren't you bro to push this idea using a second platform is all that you can thus do and are doing.."
Stash(thoughtful) : "reliably countering though(all un..).."
May(laugh) : "um..yeah i understand the indifference in holistic terms(all laugh..lot)"
Max(bit happier) : "um..then um..actually what are the subjects you talk about(all burst..,Max,Ash,Rakim and Stash un..).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "anything absolutely anything as long as it doesn't mean something else as a reference(all un..).."
Max(smiling) : "um..yeah i get it what you were doing at Rasingria(all laugh..lot)..but um.. like i have a few things to ask you about high school(all laugh..lot).."
May(laughing..) : "yeah and me too those 3 months at college were something surely(all laugh..lot)"
Stash(thoughtful) : "yeah those days under the auspicious of knowledge despite unavailable unless attempt you know..the most ENDEARING(all un..)..well in a way it's the same it's only as your body grows up you need this and that thus the characteristics change then when you work which May will soon as a pro it's about getting to do something just to express that it wasn't done before you knew it(all un..) so yeah these things are there always how to deal with another in essence objective subjective abstract or intuitive none existent when you have to attend to them as if they were you wouldn't have needed to define yourself but you have to always to interact with them hence it's strange indeed this sanity of being(all un..)..on the road it's most vicious cause you don't do anything relative only meaningful(all burst..) the things that i did was just to roam around i wasn't forwarded so i truly didn't have anything to do with the reality either which they live in psychophysically as well for me reality was too far away agnostic to space ofcourse as the definitions suggest hence i only lived perceptive of myself there which i knew won't be found unless it's the other so i was happy cause it was an excuse against anything thus given i was volunteering to the relative pain my actions were pretty far away from sanity of the methods thankfully as they only are fruitful if they know they are acting despite claiming to be subject agnostic only object specific(all un..)..thus certain people does certain things learn certain things and all but nothing is useful till the MEANING isn't different at all that is there's no one or two hence the oneness in essence is ever present to really see though as defined in action that's another the illusion of bother it is felt only in dual peek-a-boo,countering(all un..)..thus on the road i was the happiest really there was no difference me and you as i was no more to myself the you oh so true(all un..)"
Max(smiling) : "um..thus like you don't ask any questions i guess(all burst..).."
May(smiling) : "of course he can't Max it only means you want to feel that you're the answerer ever detached from you as another(all burst..,Rakim,Ash and Stash..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,all laugh even..)"
Stash(thoughtful) : "well this is what i discerned from my third travel companion at Kanto and the one from Pasio(all laugh..lot) them i know forever you know the former well we heard of him much it was only Pewter the latter met on journey they did present themselves in unison as the curls of intuitive progress in relocatable acrostic viscosity(all un..) but they are still unfulfilled you know there's another man that i know too well ANOTHER MAN YOU KNOW that neither knowledge nor vision could typify(all burst,Ash,Rakim and Stash..CILI WHERE'S KOMMO-O,Cilan shakes..) apart from this man they are unfulfilled still in terms of viscosity as it requires a chain of objects to come into effect within itself hence the curls are yet to be conceptualized till now it's only axiomatized in terms of amortized regulation of registrable ego..provably though not tractably thus still typified as i said(all un..,Ash,Rakim and Stash..THIS IS NOW EARTH/LOOK UP THAT IS THE SUN/BORN AS A HUMAN AT UNOVA CILAN TELL US WHAT MEANS A DRAGON,all laugh..lot,Cilan shakes..)"
May(laughing..) : "um..yeah that's how you bypass yourself i understand(all laugh..lot) in terms of motions in ideas not liberality of hypothesis to be precise(all un..)"
Stash(clapping..) : "RAMPARDOS!(all un..)..now observe them May why are they so happy(all laugh..lot).."
May(smiling) : "i get you bro they've just found as you said the essence of meaning in terms of another the forever self the eternal puppy(all laugh..lot)"
Stash(thoughtful) : "yeah you're not winning this contest dear get prepared for that if you would've won you would've added cumulatively though not authentically if it was a league they would've had the opportunity to ponder in the sloth of self described as logic(all un..) hence would've added countering hence you should've went along saying in terms of enumerable monads though strangely not the ensuing formative quads if you didn't want to intrude your pokemons in action would've added countering(all un..)"
May(laughing..) : "and then still because duality is infinite in causation would've still been possible to analyze further(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(a bit surprised at May) : "yeah countering itself in reflections even if complete why..(both May and Max un..)..(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM).."
May(laughing..) : "um..yeah certainly(all laugh..lot)..but um..like when people praise or deprecate you what do you think(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "they are true you know very true in reflections so why bother(all burst..)"
Max(laughing..) : "um..yeah but like this new translator dad said is such a beautiful thing that it doesn't let you off reality 24/7 if you choose to(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "isometrically not bio-metrically(all un..)"
May(smile) : "um..no i get you bro but um..like what are the things i need to do(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "well firstly in terms of things you'll eventually understand that spontaneity is paramount to sanity(all un..) thus when you're spontaneous is it your efficiency or ability should be questioned(all burst..)..if it's efficiency then the obvious question comes of me and mine and if it's the later then question comes is action sufficient in terms of necessary that is duality or separation rather fruit and action,countering(all un..,David..OH HUMDRUM THIS EFFECTIVITY/OH GUZZLE GUZZLE NEUTRALITY,all un..)"
May(smile,very happy) : "thanks bro,surely you'll tell me.."
Max(smiling) : "and me too she doesn't understand anything on emotional only mental liquidity(all un..,Stash..choiced brats,May and Max un..).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "well your year will be lost then Max but it's ok if your parents allow no trouble for us you'll return alive psychophysically we can guarantee only as conception being we to you(all un..)..as for you May this idea of dependence is strange given your choice of profession you should be upright not all right(all un..)..but that isn't to be discussed now that is discussed with Raki who you can call at this point itself if you want he can talk anytime as i said his presence is there for them to annotate themselves in action not mean themselves in actuation(all un..).."
..so(all laugh..lot),then after this Max and bro went around and Modally Hologram was shoved down my throat with far far more horrendous ideas(all laugh..lot) like this(laughs..lot,all laugh..lot shaking..,Max,Dawn,Ash and Stash laugh..lot,Rakim shakes..)..
..(Rakim in conversation with May first time)..
Rakim(thoughtful) : "welcome being welcome to referable existence in conversation-if that's your wish-please prefer yourself thus consciously(all un..)"
May(a bit concerned) : "um..yeah hallow bro(all laugh..lot),but um..like Mr Stash told me to contact you now but if you're busy..(all laugh..lot)"
Rakim(thoughtful) : "prepositionally or compositionally"
May(taken aback) : "um..prepositionally like space itself isn't the ideal idea in case of a process to form only it's axiomatic provability(all un..) but um..compositionally even if you're busy you can't really differentiate the reason to be so(all un..,Rakim..choiced brats,May too un..)"
Rakim(happy) : "TOPOCENTRIC!(all un..)..you know just as you spoke i'm in a match my Spiritomb against a champion's Dracozolt 6th region(all laugh..lot) she asked my Sprittie(all laugh..lot) if she knew the side effects of intuition(all un..) so i asked you of ego to see if your idea of seismology of situation matches with facets of Sprittie's thesis on melancholy of abstract conviction(all un..) and it was similar pretty much as she replied that indeed the most fundamental side effect of intuition is that it's unstable unless acknowledged rather than corroborated which is the case in case of intellect,countering(all un..) then she said why it's not the main effect(all un..) which she said is confusion as to how to dually mean it thus the fundamental side effect of acknowledgment that indeed the self is dually representable cause it just corroborated as being another in terms of reflection of self that's intuition the reflector being a being claimed the self to be other no matter the optics of referential centres,countering though as optics itself is implausible unless the knowledge of sentience hits the dual bar,countering(All un..).."
May(laughing..) : "um..yeah as sentience in defined only as the mind's objective char(all un..)"
Rakim(thoughtful) : "indeed but that's not the only thing being(all laugh..lot) that's only a step to be countering as what you said isn't valid in case of attention wise mind's dimensional scars,countering(all un..)"
May(smile) : "um..yeah bro said i shouldn't bother about myself like as you said dimensions means there's no end to illusion of duality like this sentence itself isn't plausible yet perfectly meaningful in lexicon though in meaning it means another that can't entail any meaning yet lexicon like creates one just to be um..the most ensuing(all un..,Rakim..CHOICED BRATS,May too un..)"
Rakim(clapping..) : "BAROMETRIC!(all un..,May..TICKLE MASTERY,all un..) but what does this situation claim of you..really though(all un..)"
May(beaming,very happy) : "um..no just that you too are indeed my bro(all laugh..lot).."
Rakim(thoughtful) : "hum..you're pretty infirm in case of transactions to duality that is okay you're of that type,the ablatively muzzy thus reliably lazy hence fundamentally hazy thus VIVIDLY fuzzy(all un..)..so first of all this idea being is so subtle is so beautiful is so beautiful is so radiant being why don't you start from yourself,really,dually,equitably,indifferently,differentially,integrablly no matter what it is if it's being then the forever buzzy,countering(all un..)"
May(very happy,beaming) : "thanks bro this is indeed just as i surmised after meeting Ash first time like um..(laughing) perceptively so ENCAPSULATING(all un..)"
Rakim(thoughtful) : "instantaneously or momently(all un..)"
May(smiling) : "instantaneously as moments assume perception but as i said the encapsulation of it means any moment isn't sufficient to describe the holistic in abstract or in objectives thus the instance of this realization overrides feeling of attachment feeling's own types as well as temporality(all un..,Ash,Stash and Rakim..The Boomerang of Typical Rock,all un..,Cilan too un..)"
Rakim(happy) : "BULLSEYE!(all laugh..lot)..right so get connected to them if you're too infatuated with us besides we're engaged mentally that is thanks(all laugh..shaking,Dawn,Iris,Bonnie,Melody,Bazugh,Serena,May,Ash,Stash and Rakim un..)"
..(in reservation Max was talking with Stash there,May comes in dejected)..
May(disappointed) : "um..bro won't we travel together(all laugh..lot)"
Stash(thoughtful) : "certainly will being certainly will in terms of differentials-infinitesimally the most resolving(all un..) what Raki must've told you entails from the fact that he is cautious of difference which if has to be differential needs the definition of resolution to be optimizable professionally not personally which both he and his younger twin failed hence is more cautious Raki the most cause he needs more perfection Ash more subjection of difference so this time of existence for obvious reasons transposes of dimensions..shh..THE MOST CAPTIVATING(all un..)..so i don't see any reason behind why you can't travel with me atleast but there are certain ways that you will follow in order to that cause i have no experience of pokemons or travel or humanity being only how to mention it in transactions with their then originated counters..shh..THE MOST EMBROILING(all un..,David..VAGABONDS OF HONESTY,all un..)"
May(happy) : "um..surely you're not leaving your little sis alone um(laughing..lot) yeah technically not objectively(all un..)"
Stash(clapping) : "KAKAROBASTRIL!(all un..) but what does this conception ask of you..determinately though not definitely(all un..)"
May(laughing..) : "yeah i get it like if definite then it's not modifiable in terms of analysis but determination makes sure of further applications that is analysis in terms of actions not only potentials hence the intrinsic definition of duality becomes elusive ever despite being perfectly engrossing in terms of intellect,countering(all un..,Stash..THE SHREWD ONES,all un..,May too un..)"
Stash(happier) : "indeed May indeed as long as those two are concerned they are more juxtaposed to qualia but isn't a bit shrew so that they can say of that what if i too cue,countering(all un..,May..MASTER BRATS,Ash,Rakim and Stash un..).."
Max(a bit inquisitive)


"