..(Cedar working on Transcripts)..
Then they ignored me like probably didn't get it i felt i felt so awkward like was i intruding and like a joke bears no fruit or reaction so i felt embarrassed and ashamed hence took revenge on myself by being important to closing the window too minutely yet recalling this Incident thus forgetting i shouldn't have wasted like so many minutes to do this particularly..
Oh Daily Daily..Daily you then's Hologram/reflection..reflection you on form.. that collective's hologram/thus effect result change the form from any to given change the norm/else look any occurrence in analysis is okay's hollow..that's uncertainty's Hologram..

we are destitute as our parents said..
go on and live along/living then would come along/refill oh the concern of belong/painting look only from what can be seen as a song..Living Living Painting Now/Hunter Hunter.. Concren How/Proven look decision/Umpteenth decider caution..living living..
ei living living hunter/paint self else being's coffin saunter/as Able is each section/of faculty else life..You Lastly Death's Phantom..Refill Refill..Concern..Attend Attend to intuition/that's what's given as intention/knowing to do or not attention/Refill wants something..Hunter Caution Else's Concern..
we're happy because last night we met Living Hunter this morning as it dawned it told us to wake up we did but knew next term Phantom..Sir 'mam do you know that's only for this phrase not the meaning or intention-the phrase is next term Phantom..shuu..Refill Concern..
Oh that song we learnt in dream..
Hurry Logic Seeker/From This to all allow self else look any that's Coffin on Soundness through reference Saunter..
Oh How to practice we learnt as we realized we were pollution in body solution in mind the effort like that's why we brushed like..
Thus oh Effort Fraction/Else look only just Modal Option..

Andrew Asompor(scowl) : "so you're parsing these then Cidy USING POWER away from PUBLIC INTEREST#.."
Cedar(happy) : "yeah yeah interest according to Ash will be the Phantom of class yeah how did i tell which words to use to yourself though actually knowing that it's only me who will validate and know it like the meaning you as Brock would say the heuristic of that reflection surfacing feeling.."
Andrew Asompor(angry) : "i'll see how you convicne the community of this research which has ZERO connection to anything prior.."
Daisy(was present,frown) : "known to some acknowledging the current all yeah#..DaisyDevil,#.."
