..(Dawn@Fopambul City Fly/Bug Gym@After winning badge)..
Gym Leader(giggle) : "sis sis why my son wanted to support me not you#..Dawn.. Choiced Brats,#.."
Dawn : "well you know that yesterday Mrs Maple Blackmore or May won the contest here defeating Blackmore left Drew to inflect the result from the previous cup meaning any possibility if is admitted to memory it becomes a bit shrew#..The Unanimous Ones,Drew+May un..long,#..3 days before at night me and May visited this psychological hospital here at () where i couldn't spontaneously point out the me of seen that she did by being oh of deem..then i had to undergo this simulation of experiences to tackle thens by being so today just before coming an Incident happened which i was able to recognise as me being insistent on observation if this not being the cause the ghost of us just as doesn't any emergency care unit worker i'm not yet confirmed if also for that place's tea supplier Shuppet#..so i came here after that but i was hungry but as i wanted to get involved more as i was happy to be thus again forgetting that i was the very source of seeing and thus also how to see i thought anyway my food here has been paid so why not after battle also neglecting that i became aware of the hunger because of my success to be me not thee using the resources which i fused with a mere observation to sketch up the formulation to see..so this infirmity of secured conviction's trepidation over lack of validation despite security is what our younger compeer here understood hence only i just made him make myself eat via which he gave me the blessings of innocence of moods..the most refilling..concern the wood thus is the explanation from my current being of whatever it's now as a hood.."
Gym Leader's partner(giggle) : "hey Dawnny i'm a fashion designer what's your favourite wear like you feel comfortable being one not in public#..Dawn..The Existing Brats,#.."
Dawn : "anything that can't be classified as unique thus no matter the rag i use while in normalcy or the suit for catching and travelling it makes no difference to the quill of seeing that ok these,this and i as in is are then what's called being.."
Gym Leader+Gym Leader's Other Half(happy) : "the most enticing#.."
Their little son whose only a year old(puts his finger in his mouth) : "uu..gg#.."
Dawn(clapping..) : "Much Gratitude compeer for being the self of the same thus telling me any observatory is only the push of thing indeed..the most battling the least settling the cost of rattling is only me to be to something else the most befitting to be through that as else it's impossible..thus me to be to TO the most befalling.."
