sational not authoritative precision countering the condition of endurance but not incision(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “THUNDURUS!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..but according to the second statement of your initial answer Mr Sarmad you expected confusion to be discernible hence mentioned the idea of bifurcation not obfuscation inherent thus only the incision required as you correctly recognized but confusion being possible in concordance with expectation only how can you depend on parlance not substance ironically as you mentioned cause only that gives you the basis of chasm between intelligence and obscuration the reasoning for mental durance(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Sarmad(bit confused) : “um..then um..the reason for advisory board is is to defend legally the illegality of emotion in contrast to the premise of legality in the first place must be mentioned before it’s monotone else it forms a chain not a stasis of consciousness(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “where would thus that lead you to Mr Sarmad..(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(suddenly as if understanding something) : “YES!thus the idea of estrangement comes in only possible if the desire to be so in reverse remains thus there’s no change of existence only it’s reflection..and this..by physics in countering only(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for reflection mastery)” Strawberry : “PARAMETRIC!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..hence when you understand this you’ll want to apply it won’t you exactly what it forbids you to do as mentioned in the word financial not statistical(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Sarmad(smile) : “um..yeah ontological incision Mr Tantrum said(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “LETHERGIC!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..is this idea global or local(all un..,..)” Sarmad(smile) : “none as it’s allergic(all un..,..)”
Tantrum : “PERSONALLY AH!BEAUTY!BEAUTY!(all un..,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Strawberry : “THUS PROFESSIONALLY AH!DUTY!DUTY!(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for tickle mastery)” Sarmad(smile) : “um..yeah one must understand the idea of escape being absent both dually and really(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “ECCENTRIC!(all un..,..)..by the way Mr Sarmad did you understand why we mentioned two named entities(all un..,..) Sarmad(laughing) : “just to ensure the linguistics doesn’t obscure THE MEANING(all un..,..)..but in contrast this isn’t possible unless the parlance is there to obscure the generality only for the specification to understand this escape from there then the idea of obfuscation itself only to understand the escape impossible in the other side at the same place too and this whole is possible only if the mentioned brats in return of this thesis agree to teach us the substance that is being is untenable consciously to make sure we both become similar countering it existentially..countering consciousness in process thus never circular ever in stasis..countering duality and reality together to assimilate them into one..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum : “TYRAniTAR!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..what is a Tyranitar’s use in all this Mr Sarmad(all un..,..)” Sarmad(smile) : “the basic of their life rock is to establish the allegory dark is to thicken it hence being together at the same time a Tyranitar only exudes the chance to amalgamate them..countering the idea of deepening embedded thus ever pseudo in the legendary causality(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum : “ELASTIC!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Strawberry : “is this personal or professional(all un..,..)” Sarmad(smile) : “neural cause he’s exclaiming remembering the subject not the object that i’m saying countering being(all unc..,..)” Strawberry : “FORMULAIC!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Tantrum : “is this fundamental of structural(all un..,..)” Sarmad(smile) : “fundamental cause structure requires self simulation fundamentals only require self accumulation not emulation(all un..,..)..as self is an idea ever vague one will have to give it up thus duality will itself help it to stave..countering(all un..,..)..hence all one has to do is to BE..countering(all laugh a lot,..)” Strawberry : “generally satisfactory enough this though you will have to specifically propose professionally to a professional cafe servant global Copperajah not local thus globalizable ever optimizable never due to being unspecific..thus one day you’ll have to propose this not ask for NEUTRAL evaluation not personal(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..any complaints from the Police of this being a set up(all burst into laughter,..)” Police : “only that we could’ve known any existence of papers if we were present there(all un..,..)” Tantrum : “that will be there tomorrow,’patience : the ambulance of subjection’(all un..,..) and ‘commitment : the ambush of revolution’(all un..,..)..any numerical dilemmas(all un..,..)” Police : “the gross ones not subtle(all un..,..)..”
Strawberry : “tell the appropriate authority to study a paper from last week professionally not personally by Mr Vaccine Lite(all unc..,..),’compassion : towards subsections of morphology’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Goran,Goy,Stash and Gary cheers for MR PRISTINE TITHE,all laugh even more,..)..anything else(all burst..)”
Police : “that Platue will officially tell us(all laugh..)..” Strawberry : “to personally bail us be professional with me compeers I warn your relative sanity(all un..,..)” Police : “no it’s the professional rule of parlance for us not linguistic vanity(all un..,..)” Tantrum : “of the source of this projection thus orthogonally meta theoretical amity..countering the idea of meta thus in case of amity the word must be reflectivity..countering(all unc..,..)..” Police : “um..yeah that thanks for the language(all un..,..)” Strawberry : “what are the professional rules associated with his personal desire compeers given what he said(all laugh a lot)..” Police : “the current charge being nullified that’s all if he leaves none is going to say anything cause we know his household one of them just attested he is her son that’s all no other specificities..” Strawberry : “SO NICE(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..whose his employer..” Police : “no matter he fled home in search of job that’s all nothing matter they only require his physical strength in places and he is aloof of his gender hence settles some unwanted scuffles(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “emotional shuffles(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..be professional with me compeers I warn your personal sanity(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police : “so your current problem is that this lack of interest in what he does well that’s petty crimes and no intension to progress there despite being distant means we should’ve been more perceptive of his mental muscles not existential shuffles to validate himself among physique in general gender in specific as the later or objective possessions is what is the definition of what his peers do(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “sharing compeers is the crux of society/it changes nothing nothing all thus action-actor equilibrium law navigates towards subjective from the objective working upon the appearing now only reappearing thus still vanity..countering(all burst into laughter,cheers for SOCIETY)” Police : “well about Pokemon as a profession in gross he has to prove being less than or equal to exactly 20 barring the 6 months starting period afterwards which won’t be possible to activate in this case of undocumented education and job no matter the skill and our biological tests reveal the age to be between 19-22 we take it to be 22 given his physical proportions 6 and 6 115 kgs..” Strawberry : “then what is the use of the biological test(all laugh a lot)” Police : “none if out of our jurisdiction cause of our commandants on behaviours..yeah professionally not personally we know(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “make it 19 and 4 give it 19 the last day of last year this conversation is the proof why I suggest you that day day is not a matter of blind search for prey without a sharp hoof(all laugh a lot,cheers for CIVILIZATION)” Police : “yeah thanks so he’s the legal guardian too in this case..” Strawberry : “this personal idea of your compeers in case of specific inheritance is the same as the general whose whose beau isn’t it professionally(all laugh shaking their heads)..besides he will pick up an injury to delay the start for some more months between 6 to 24 depending on it's severity..any speculations on it's nature(all un..)” Police : “yeah about both his birth date and injury's value algorithmically not provably(all laugh a lot) hence consider it done and don’t worry about his safety he will be picked up from his current location too..” Strawberry : “for which we professionally charge a specific amount despite personally ascertaining it from your financial safety..” Tantrum : “countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!)” Police : “yeah but Mr Wolfg..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “gang..Wolfgang alias Mr Gyre HangsHisOwnHead personally being master(all laugh shaking their heads)..a man who has personally lost everything in objective life(all uncontrollably laugh,..) greedily looks on professionally as others gain it especially in personal relationships even if subjectively the cherry on top which only he has eaten up forgetting the rest of the cake from top of it rhymes with indeed(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Police : “yeah now definitely he or anyone else will given this attestation of technology(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “countering the algorithmic rigour of technology..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM)” Police : “yeah assuredly(all laugh a lot)..anyway,Mr Sarmad get ready in 15 minutes we shall reach the room itself..the connection may..” Strawberry : “welcome never bye..cuts off(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “hallow never hi..countering..(cuts off)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for COUNTERING)..” Sarmad(laugh) : “man no wonder they are so petrified by you all as are each sides of anything cause they don’t want indifference to dawn like this cause it makes no sense and is only illusive hence only puts more misery upon them which yet is like so outworldly beautiful..” Tantrum : “MADDENING(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “saw where my problems went that’s inexistent as space(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(laughing a lot) : “indeed man now even I understand what means self-countering(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “reflectively(all burst into laughter)..”
Arnold(laugh) : “yeah thus only i’m getting an impossible treatment of sanity(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(smile) : “um..i’m sorry Noldie but I can get my position how the counters work but your case is like you can’t control it hence only like what you just said will work still like if you can remain different to it only which only contradicts the clinical condition(all laugh a lot)..” Arnold(laugh) : “well you know what was my central trouble so that came up a few times with all the physical troubles and(laughing)..first up the vision comes I was only told,vision arises out the all elusive blue/only so cause it projects itself to be untraveled thus not IMPRINT of any shoe/but just as you step in it it’s not at all true/thus when vision arises it’s only to tell me DIVISION BOO..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for SELF TO SELF TICKLING)..thus I can’t help but remain in this horrendous self inflicted distress which stresses each bit of sanity out of me thus the insanity part too cause(laughing) the validation was told as assurance indeed the insurance of the matter/goal and perseverance thus ever in chatter/when one attains something it’s of the most extolled great/it’s infinitely prevailing hence assurance,goal and path now take a rest..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..so you see you can’t leave it at all at no point like once the idea of no and point comes up again there is a counter(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(laughing) : “man no wonder I was told to not talk subjectively with random strangers of absurd body shapes(all laugh..lot) at filling grounds,crematories,sewages,cheap hotels and especially at places where a lots of birds come cause they said said just remember it rhymes with the dealer of them Guzzle Humdrum(all burst into laughter,.controllably laughs in tears laughing,..)..this name has recently resurfaced our sides ever knew it and we all know what is means isn’t it Mr Tantrum(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “EXPERIMENTALLY(all burst into laughter)..OH HUMDRUM THIS IDEAL/OH GUZZLE THUS SURREAL..countering isn't it(all un..)” Arnold(laugh) : “yeah surely(all laugh..lot) and this one is a must for Sarmie to smoothen out everything then you can say the best yourself(all laugh a lot) anyway I can sleep now don’t forget to ask for food at the station if they deny you professionally not personally(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(laughing) : “EULOGICALLY..countering(all burst into laughter)..”
..................................
(Sonrisa and Solaria ARE TWIN SISTERS WHO ARE suffering from various very complex and serious mental health problems,they are kept at the same hospital but their conditions have worsened,they were to be sent away to another hospital just as they are taken away,Tantrum was discharged,Arnold and Elanor was to stay longer)
Tantrum(going out of the hospital,singing) : "OH THEE THEE THEE THEE THEEEEEEE..OR NOT ME SO HIHIEIHI..Ho-Oh(all un..,..)/THUS ME ME ME ME MEEEEEE..THUS NOT NECESSARY HENCE NE CESSI SITY SITY..oh-ho(all un..,..)/OH MIND SEE SEE SEE SEE SEEEEEEE..THIS MEN TA LITY LITY..Ho-Oh(all un..,..)/THUS SAY SO SO SO SO SOOOOOO..being your infrequent payments of duality and reality due to causality suck thus no more sa nity nity..Oh-Ho(all un..,..).."
Sonrisa(not in sane state,very happy,shout) :"BRO..!"
Tantrum(not paying any attention) : "no matter..real or dual..it's not continuous enough..what do you mean by implau si bi li ty..logic no more extra curricular acti vityvity..said Ho-Oh(all un..,..)/psychophysical pain no no no no no noooooo..you're logically so strong to the school of absence don't go go go..Oh-Ho(all un..,..)..thus look at HO-OH Oh-Ho Oh Ho Ho-Oh Oh-Ho..Ho-Oh(all laugh..lot,..MASTER BRAT..)"
Solaria(not..sane..,too happy) : "BRO!WE WILL PLAY TOO!(all laugh..,..,cheers for CHOICED BRATS)..(all tries to put them off..(both cries)..NO WE WANT TO GO TO RANDOMNESS!(all laugh..).."
Tantrum(was going away but heard a scuffle behind,turning fully aback) : "did anyone offer parity emotionally that is(all un..,..)"
The Enforcers : "no sorry it's ok we didn't call.."
Tantrum : "see compeers you look to be haste/when something isn't needed yet it is present to the absence it's called the best..countering(all laugh..,..)"
The Enforcers : "we're sorry we must.."
Tantrum(changing his expression completely) : "FRO FRO FRO FRO FROOOOOO../SPACE IS DEFINED BY PHYSICS AS SAME IN TERMS OF PERCEPTION OBSERVES A CUNNING MENTAL CROW CROW CROW..or Ho-Oh..(all un..,..)/OH TRY HARDER HARDER A MUST/TO BE SOMETHING LOGICALLY THE PERSON REMAINS SAME THAT'S THUNDUR US US US LOOK A HO-OH(all un..,..)..(normally)..any contrapositives coerced out rather than being eased through(all un..,..)"
An Enforcer(frown) : "it's ok you two may come out(all laugh).."
Sonrisa and Solaria(jumping out of the medical van and tries to run to Tantrum but because of their mental state can't unerstand direction,screams in joy,but then sorrow and all..,as the enforcers tries to put them back) : "NO WE WANT TO MEET MASTER BRAT(all un..,..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,..)"
Tantrum(chaning his expression,LOUD,DEEP,self absorbed VOICE) : "HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!ADD MENTALLY(all un..,..)..(normally after they are put in and observing everything)..i see EFFECTIVE sanity(all un..,..)..what are you going to do to them compeers philosophically(all laugh..lot).."
An Enforcer(angry) : "we don't know they are going to Yellowburst.."
Tantrum : "Guzzle Zekrom Roam#/Check home or dome dome dome..humdrum Ho-OH(all un..long)..so they're going to the Silver Jubilee city COURT OF 'JUSTICE : the nightmare of ethics'(all un..,..),anything else(all un..)..no(all un..long)..Vulture Vulture SO..Random Oh-Ho Ho-Oh Oh-HO(all un..long)"
An Enforcer(solemn) : "so we guess you have become omnipotent now.."
Tantrum : "potentially(all burst..)..if they're incurable and their family can't bear the cost they are treated as samples to knowledge the same that defines them as so..countering(all burst..),then if they being paid by authorities who rejoices in profits despite working thus destroying their potency psychophysically(all un..,..) doesn't get the money that assures these two appearances of not males are true(all laugh..lot) then what happens to falsify it as a whole in terms of life as if death is in any haste unlike life(all laugh a lot)..besides my fervent apologies about the appearance as well given i'm subject to being asked of the same thus it's a confusion rather only a resolution thus isn't it countering(all un..,..)"
An Enforcer(irritated) : "fair enough why don't you come with us inside and check for yourself.."
Tantrum : "i live on leftovers or donations compeers..only after others that see are satiated cause i have to understand why they are no more me..countering(all un..,..) thus hallow never hi isn't it(un..,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT).."
..(inside,Tantrum with Sonrisa and Solaria,this was videoed)..
Tantrum : "no you're not needed compeers shut the door lock it from outside return with their foods and all as per the schedule else it will remain closed from inside..immaterially(all laugh..lot).."
An Enforcer : "no it's ok if you all are killed today itself our minds will tickle us if we know it to be so how can you be dead even dually(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "developmentally(all un..,..)..but yeah i must ask you what assures you of my gender neutrally(all laugh..shaking).."
An Enforcer(annoyed) : "it's contrapositive RATIONALLY(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "ideologically..countering(all burst..)..any other helps needed emotionally(all laugh..lot)"
Enforcers : "bye(all laugh a lot)"
Tantrum : "prediction is ever double edged compeers,hallow never hi(all un..)..right,you see you're not happy that i'm holding up your heads as you're sitting me standing(all laugh..lot)..but just as i'll let you go..(changing his expression)..what this moment will give you ready made..countering(all burst..)"
..(Tantrum lets Sonrisa and Solaria go,they screech and all bites and scratches Tantrum but is taken aback a bit by Tantrum's disposition)..
Solaria(not..sane,a bit tried) : "um..this is not a good toy Snorie.."
Sonrisa(crying) : "i want random toys..(all laugh..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM..).."
Tantrum(changing his expression,grave long howl,jumping up) : "ECCENTRIC!(all un..,..)..(Soleria and Sonrisa are taken aback a bit at Tantrum's physical activity but jumps in joy afterwards)..let's roll,RANDOMNESS YOU NOW..OBSCURE THIS/TO BE ASSURED..DID YOU PAY THE STRUCTURING FEES(all un..,..)/WHEN YOU THINK OR DON'T A THING..THE MENTAL BEES/CONTINUE TO CHATTER..BEING THEIR WARDEN ONLY WHY INTRUDE THEIR PRIVACY(all un..,..)/THUS YOU'RE ALONE..OH MY NO/WHERE WOULD I GO NOW..WHERE IS TO GO(all un..,..)/HENCE RANDOM RANDOM..SET THE FIRE/BEING AWAY FROM BEING..OH VULTURES CONSPIRE(all un..,..)..any symmetries noted(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(a bit disappointed) : "um..no you don't play..um..uncertainly..(all un..,..)"
Solaria(similarly) : "and when you do you create rules(all un..,..,cheers for CHOICED BRATS).."
Tantrum(similarly jumping up..) : "ETERNATUS!(all burst into laughter)..(Sonrisa and Solaria are both very happy thinking they now will play)..let's PLAY the MEANINGS(all laugh a lot,..,cheers for HOOPA UNBOUND)..when you remember anyone forcing you to listen to them don't do anything except linking your FEELINGS(all un..,..,Gary cheers for ZERATINA UNVEILED,Goy and Mehadi cheers for,OH YOUNG SEARCHER ARE YOU THINKING THIS NOW/NOW OH MY AGEING DR DID YOU JUST THINK THAT IT'S NOW,all un..,..,Tracey too uncontrollably laugh,..,Goran and Poppy cheers for OH MY SKECHIT MR I HEAR YOU MEANTALLY WHISPER/SELF TO SELF THIS RELATION DOES LEXICON TELL ME TO COMPARE THIS TO CIRCUIT AND TESTER,all un..,..,Tracey too un..,..),THAT OH YOUNG DOCTOR FEEL SEQUENCE A OR REAR(all un..,..)/OH MY YOUNG DOCTOR FEELS READING TRUTH AND DARE(all un..,..,Brock too un..,..)/OH YOUNG DOCTOR MOTIVATION OR TO STEER/OH MY YOUNG DOCTOR FEELS HOW TO CARE(all un..,..,Brock too un..)/OH YOUNG DOCTOR is it soul or the goal/OH MY YOUNG DOCTOR feels the taste the bowl(all un..,..)/OH YOUNG DOCTOR PRACTICES ARE ON ROLL/OH MY YOUNG DOCTOR FEELS asking who is the mole(ALL UN..,..)/OH YOUNG DOCTOR action or role/OH MY YOUNG DOCTOR FEELS TO SLIP THROUGH THEIR HOLE(all un..,..)/oh young doctor happiness or suffering's toll/OH MY young doctor feels eating separates as the whole(all un..,..)/oh young doctor desire or the coal/oh my young doctor feels protesting the poll(all un..,..)/oh young doctor fair or limiting bear/oh my young doctor feels expending round trip fare(all un..,..)/oh young doctor mind clears or tears/Oh my young doctor feels that it's just the peers(all un..,..)/oh young doctor lexicon reason or dear/oh my young doctor feels acoustics should check the ears(all un..,..)/oh young doctor reality mind mere or bear/oh my young doctor feels that duality here though hears(all un..,..)/oh young doctor seeding or ceding/oh my young doctor bids to calculate the the numerical beading(all un..,..)/oh young doctor mail in waves speeding or through destiny skidding/oh my young doctor feels it's the habit of newspaper reading(all un..,..)/oh young doctor creed or pleading/oh my young doctor feels intellect emotion to feed the mind kneading(all un..,..)/oh young doctor duality lead or heeding/oh my young doctor feels to neutrally bandage the real unbiased bleeding(all un..,..)/oh young doctor thoughts mind breed or needing/oh my young doctor feels to rejoice only in the unnecessary thus beautiful complexity of organ reeding(all un..,..)/thus look oh young doctor now coming here/oh my young doctor actually is not just a-peer(all un..,..,cheers for LEADING ROCK,..,Brock slaps himself laughing a lot)..any notionally unpleasant motifs noted(all un..,..)..".."
Brock(laughing a lot) : "man those two utter brats still pester me along with Mummy and Sruzie all the time(all laugh a lot)..and yeah after all that those two brats still were projected out coherently who are epitome of projection also in reverse(all laugh..,..)..and themselves are twins in same orders as their beaus to reflect it properly in mind to end it PHYSICALLY(all laugh..lot)..these master brats have deceived me(all laugh,..)"
Violet(laughing a lot) : "man Lana aunty still says the first time that came to me it just totally shattered all records of buys the final song of Classics of Humdrum(all laugh a lot,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)..which is still coming out after so many years each day that is(all laugh..lot) and still breaks each previous records just as the situations change and become all the more outrageous by the day running constantly for 43 years now that too daily as i said before(all laugh..lot)..man Ruth said how the hell are we going to do any business now(all laugh..lot)..and that hoarse voice with that strange tone with these words doesn't need any copyrights at all hence automatic money was granted(all laugh a lot)..and the fact that both she and me myself we don't want to listen to our songs at all of the genre we created to the humdrum(all laugh..lot) cause it's only an expression not THE MEANING(all laugh..lot)..man our industry has been completely upended with commentaries and so on some say um..should we be acting cause no reality can touch the sate of art defined so as IT'S THE MOST INTRIGUING,additionally that is(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS ACTION/OH GUZZLE THUS THE substantiation,all un..)..and hence it's impossible to be there unless true couples and all on same genders there too philosophical and so on(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(laugh) : "well still it was only published after Pewter rock was established around a year later only thus validated else it's just a madcap's dream(all laugh..lot,..LEADING LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes..head)..man 6 and half year old young doctor at high school we heard as our course material(all un..) was just outrageous stuff Pallet high to that standard was nothing to beauty(all laugh..lot,Brock shakes..head)..like,oh young doctor THIS did you pour mental salt or creative sugar/oh my young doctor feels NOT BEING is just the bear's fever(all un..,..,Brock shakes..head),anyway(all laugh a lot) this restarts which the pests still listen all the time and their hubbies are far far worse trying to counter(all laugh a lot)..
Sonrisa(flustered) : "um..but this game is not like it really wants to play with us like it's already has itself as us like so um..maddening(all un..,..,..THAT MADDENING TUNE)"
Solaria(a bit shivering voice) : "um..yeah you scared me like i don't want to play if you don't allow me to um..like..um..mean anything like what i'm thinking thus i can enjoy multiple games at same time like um..the most ensuing(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "oh young doctor desire or just how are you i'm here/oh my young doctor feels now he is the very fear(all un..,..,Brock shakes..laughing)/oh young doctor discuss this that/oh my young doctor says it hearing the mental radio of contemporary intellectual classification rules in comment box chitchat(all un..,..)/thus oh young doctor state or this thou art/oh my young doctor feels to customize concentration's shop cart(all un..,..)/so oh young doctor progress or to grace now/oh my young doctor feels it's just asking the information centre of it's process of knowhow(all un..,..,cheers for..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)"
Sonrisa and Solaria unison(smile,jumping up,extremely happy) : "like oh young doctor emotions reeling or dealing(all un..,Brock hides..)/oh my young doctor feels thinking investing to decorate the rational ceiling(all un..,..)/that oh young doctor feeling being felt is it grammatically fishing or semantically missing(all un..,..,cheers for THE MEANING)/oh my young doctor feels just being hiring attention for a spicy dishing(all un..,..,Brock too un..)..(both flustered)..um..what is..um..(all laugh a lot)
Tantrum : "WHAT(all laugh a lot,cheers for POISONED GRASS)..oh young doctor decision or precession(all un..,..)/oh my young doctor feels duality to reality to pass self created mind just taking the intellectual tuition(all un..,..)/oh young doctor manifold binds or just the different unbinding cultures/oh my young doctor feels to refer the only patient in no practice vultures(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa&Solaria unison(extremely happy,smile,bouncing and beaming) : "COUNTERING(all un..,..)..YES!FINALLY!..um..no..NO!..(something's happening to them in mind during their mental states changing rapidly).."
Tantrum(holding their heads making them sit again,changing his expression) : "beings beings..this is the deal/to have a physique did you just so feel(all un..,..)/if it is a being..it needs to be/even if not so defined by means of constraints being defined predefined thus implausible hence fallible..look oh VULTURES SEE(all un..,..)..oh young doctor how to be/oh my young doctor feels thee to me(all un..,..)/oh young doctor how not to be/oh my young doctor feels me to you being more savvy(all un..,..)..thus OH ME THEE THEE ME BEEEEEE..STRANGER HALLOW HO-OH oh-ho(ALL UN..,..)/stranger asks me or thee me theeeeeee..stranger welcome continue so so HO-OH oh-ho(all un..,..)..SAID POISON NO LIMIT..DRAGON LO LIMIT DUALLY GONE GONE GONE GONE..WECLOME HO-OH(all un..,..)/oh-ho ho-oh ho oh ho-oh oh-ho Ho-Oh(all laugh..lot,..MASTER BRAT)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(unison,tired) : "um..it's a great game bro but we're tired.."
Tantrum : "take rest..then now here there you and me or who whoooooo/unstable duality..boo boo boo boo Ho-Oh(all un..,..)..OH-HO HO-OH HO OH HO-OH OH-HO HO-Oh(all laugh..lot)"
Soleria and Sonrisa(smile just before sleeping) : "we will play once we come back night.."
Tantrum : "night..FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT/THIS FIGHT/OF WHAT'S NOT FIGHT/HENCE THIS FIGHT/THIS DELIGHT/THUS CONTINUE THIS FIGHT/THAT IT'S RIGHT/THUS LOOK YOU SHOULD FIGHT(all un..,..)/OR NO FIGHT/THUS NO MIGHT/HENCE NO FIGHT/THUS THIS FIGHT(all un..,..)/FIGHTING NEVER..THUS FIGHTING EVER(all un..,..)/THIS NOW SAVOUR/THE FIGHT PAST AND FUTURE ONLY THEN NOT NOW FOREVER(all un..,..)/OH fight/THIS..fight/THAT'S thus no fight(all un..,..)/hence fight(all un..,..)/oh no fight/oh this fight(all un..,..)/thus THIS life/hence fight don't forget that delight(all un..laugh,..)/when it stops the fight/what is hence fighting might(all un..,..)/that is there/fighting thus here(all un..,..)/that now here/whose fighting here hence near(all un..,..)/oh against death thus fight/fighting also take the delight(all un..,..)/oh fight/illusion fight/thus reality no more fight/hence delicious this fight(all un..,..)/thus not who sees the fight/but who fights or fighting fights(all un..,..)/hence fight oh fight no fight so fight(all un..,..)/this fight that's not then fight but this is fight thus opposite FIGHT(all un..,..)/hence all the fight/is just the light/of the fight/oh this FIGHT(all un..,..,cheers for COUNTERING)..right time,OH STRAWBERRY DID YOU ATTRIBUTE VERY(all un..,..,Gary shakes..head)/oh my berry berry did you only feel merry it's not hence so merry merry(all un..,..)/oh strawberry duality ferry ferry/to reality thus let's eat this berry berry(all un..,..)..oh young doctor this sense of bother/oh my young doctor feels it's just the other(all un..,..)/oh young doctor no duality we smother/oh my young doctor feels it's just the real cover(all un..,..)/thus oh young doctor looks feels what is not what(all un..,..)/thus oh my young doctor feels mental flies should rejoice the swat(all un..,..)/thus oh young doctor is not at all no no/thus oh my young doctor is only left to forgo(all un..,..)..oh humdrum this existence/oh guzzle thus consistence(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this consciousness/oh guzzle thus resistance(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this being a-lone/oh guzzle thus what is shown(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this action or inaction/oh guzzle thus definition of fraction(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this fleeting experiences that rise/oh guzzle thus the constant idea of ideal sunrise(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this physical pain/oh guzzle thus when they do gain(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this mental uncertainty/oh guzzle thus probabilistic connectivity(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this this this this this/oh guzzle thus what the mind miss(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this consistence/oh guzzle thus the persistence(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this practice to be free/oh guzzle thus security(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this attention/oh guzzle thus conception(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this duality/oh guzzle thus relativity(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this lonely reality/oh guzzle thus reflectivity(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this insecurity/oh guzzle thus any effectivity(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this who being/oh guzzle this seeing(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this not being/oh guzzle thus the feeling(all un..,..)..oh humdrum humdrum where art thou/oh guzzle guzzle at this nothing let's go(all un..,..)/thus this holistic humdrum of what not well defined/oh humdrum you now guzzle as still it's viscous oil so refined(all un..,..)..oh guzzle guzzle humdrum guzzle/look at thou now..to guzzle this puzzle(all un..,..)..oh guzzle this formation/oh humdrum thus concession/thus humdrum this expression/hence oh my humdrum guzzle this confession(all un..,..)..morning in my eyes/night says let's disguise(all un..,..)/darkness you and oh light/let us be hence let's fake true..reflect true fake fight(all un..,..)/oh guzzle guzzle whatever is vague/oh humdrum thus guzzle the whole sentence(all un..,..)..oh guzzle humdrum guzzle humdrum/if this is felt so oh my guzzle run run(all un..,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,..,...,..)..any lack of logical consistency noted(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(waking up after sometimes,Tantrum was humming the rhythm totally self absorbed,after they are able to talk) : "um..bro where are we(all un..,..,..MEGA-RESHIRAM).."
Tantrum : "concentration(all un..,..)..thus oh guzzle guzzle this cessation(all un..,..)/oh humdrum guzzle to guzzle humdrum(all un..,..)/reflect thus hence WELCOME RANDOM RANDOM(all un..,..,..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)"
Solaria and Sonrisa(a bit irritated) : "um..no it makes no sense(all burst..)..but um..then um..humdrum..like..um..(all burst..,..)"
Tantrum : "oh humdrum this randomness/oh guzzle thus it's essence(all un..,..).."
Solaria and Sonrisa(giggling finally) : "that oh guzzle humdrum humdrum you guzzle/anything that is so that very puzzle puzzle(all un..,..,..choiced brats).."
Solaria(laughing a lot) : "like random random now you guzzle/of this humdrum look another puzzle(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(laughing a lot) : "hence humdrum all being whatever(all un..,..)/thus guzzle guzzle what so ever(all un..,..)"
Solaria and Sonrisa(unison,bouncing in joy laughing a lot) : "HENCE HUMDRUM THIS VERY VERY(all un..,..)/oh humdrum guzzle this personal strawberry(all un..,Goran and Goy..STRAWBERRY BERRY BERRY/IS IT JUST YOU OR JUST REFERENCE FERRY FERRY,all un..,Gary shakes..head)"
Tantrum(thumping..hand) : "CUMVORITOMLABOFBUT!(all un..,..)..any conceptions propagated(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)"
Sonrisa(laughing) : "yeah like the expression(all un..,..).."
Solaria(bursting into laughter) : "hence guzzle the creation of meaning by mental compression(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "hence guzzle guzzle whatever you've been/being thus vague hence whatever hence guzzle any if you guzzle the very thing(all un..,..).."
Solaria and Sonrisa(hi-five among each other,beaming,bouncing) : "that itself is applied to both any that is a thing and guzzle the very thing itself like..(bursting into laughter) COUNTERING(all un..,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT).."
Tantrum : "but what does this moment mean to you..actually though(all un..,..,cheers for COUNTERING,..).."
Sonrisa(a bit taken aback) : "um..this means like that..(shocked)..NO!.."
Solaria(crying) : "I CAN'T STAND THE PAIN..(both cries etc..).."
Tantrum : "mentally(all burst into laughter,..)..oh humdrum this intention/oh guzzle thus subjection(all un..,..)/oh humdrum this spontaneity/oh guzzle thus all idea of entity(all un..,..)/oh humdrum humdrum let's construct that/thus oh guzzle guzzle to extract that(all un..,..)/oh humdrum thus this desire and consequently cyclical pleasure/oh guzzle thus their out of phase leisure(all un..,..)..oh humdrum guzzle guzzle humdrum/when it's deemed when guzzle random random(all un..,..)/oh guzzle all this guzzle all that/oh humdrum guzzle..guzzle any mismatch(all un..,..)/oh humdrum guzzle guzzle humdrum/when there's difference guzzle the idea of symptom(all un..,..)/guzzle guzzle guzzle guzzle/look it's another oh guzzle oh now guzzle(all un..,..)..guzzle humdrum guzzle humdrum/guzzle guzzle thus only humdrum(all un..,..)/oh humdrum hence fact oh humdrum hence pact/thus guzzle guzzle what's compact or in-fact(all un..,..)..and epistemological complicities ontologically omitted(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(a bit irritated) : "um..no we don't like personal life(all laugh,..)"
Solaria(angry) : "cause it wants us to adjust to necessities not necessaries that is fun(all un..,..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)"
Tantrum : "COALOSSAL!(all un..,..) but what then those subjects object to you..thoughtfully that is not plausibly(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(unhappy) : "no you're telling us to understand things not this statement(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "GRIMMSNARL!(all un..,..)..then what would thus happen to you ironically though not actually(all un..,..)"
Solaria and Sonrisa(flustered) : "um..no it's like we don't understand anything now..that is like(both laugh)..oh guzzle puzzle thus this puzzle/humdrum ever hence another oh guzzle guzzle(all un..,..)..(both totally baffled)..um..but then..NO I CAN'T..but wait..um..but..NO..but like what is..what..(all laugh..lot,..COUNTERING)..YES!(both jumping up in joy)..FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT THUS NO FIGHT(all un..,..)/hence this delight/thus this fight(all un..,..)..fighting ever/thus it's never(all un..,..)..(both again bewildered)..um..(all laugh a lot).."
Tantrum : "hence the fighting flavour/that isn't fight thus fight never hence EVER(all un..,..).."
Solaria and Sonrisa(smile,  Tantrum,all in unison) : "THUS FIGHT IS THIS FIGHT(all un..,..)/THUS THIS IDEA OF ANOTHER/IS THE IN-FIGHT TO BOTHER(all un..,..)..thus fight oh fight this fight thus that fight(all un..,..)/thus fight just fight thus always not fight(all un..,..)..OH THIS FIGHT(all laugh a lot,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...,..)"
Solaria and Sonrisa(unison,same pose,bit tired now) : "um..thanks bro we never have had so much fun(all laugh..lot,..choiced brats).."
Tantrum : "run run run run..this that run run/that is condition tion rhymes with shun shun(all un..,..)/thus ever never not what is that/but never ever what is the impact(all un..,..)/thus what is what is ever compact/thus no validation needed hence ever hallow as hi is the mismatch(all un..,..)/if there is is look at this mishap/it's never alone thus of being another but it itself is alone welcome not bye guzzle talking off the mental top cap(all un..,..)..but what would this emotion mean to you..distinctively though(all un..,..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM).."
Sonrisa(laughing) : "um..yeah it's like you're in need of play too(all laugh..,..)"
Solaria(smile) : "bro how many songs do you know(all laugh a lot,..).."
Tantrum : "TORNADUS(all un..,..)..(pointing to Sonrisa and Solaria with both hand's index finger)..HEY!..(in hand combat..)..follow my stance and movement(all un..)..OH BEING BEING PLAY!NO BEING BEING SAY!THAT BEING THUS THAT IS THIS BUT THAT BEING CALLED ITSELF THIS THUS THAT IS THIS OR NAY(all un..,..)!OH BEING YOU LOGICALLY NOW SAY!THAT BEING HOW TO MENTALLY PLAY!(ALL UN..,..)..no being being say!oh vultues are looking for dual failure of being being say!no being being play!(all un..,..,..VULTURE FRONTIER).."
Sonrisa(smile) : "thanks bro i only had my sis now i have a bro but(laughing a lot) that is defined as though(all un..,..)"
Solaria(laughing a lot) : "like guzzle guzzle this very puzzle oh guzzle guzzle did you say this is a puzzle(all un..,..).."
Tantrum : "SOLGALEO!(all un..,..) but what would next moment tell the past of futuristic you..operationally though not proportionately(all un..,..)"
Solaria(bit scared,  Tantrum firmly) : "um..i don't want to leave you bro the others always scold us.."
Sonrisa(same pose) : "and it's all cause we don't want them to feed us ideas that are boring like they always force us to do things that we don't want to cause it follows only certain rules and doesn't listen to us if we don't follow them yet we always change(all laugh a lot,cheers for NO!THIS IS INHUMAN!,..Tracey shakes..head)"
Tantrum : "well you shouldn't have any fear..synonymously though(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(a bit concerned) : "um..no it's like it's strange what we see except for Chan aunty only you finally seem fully normal(all un..,..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)"
Tantrum : "referentially i guess(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..i don't know cause she was always happy not like,oh humdrum this mental alertness/oh guzzle thus conformance(all un..,..)"
Solaria(laughing) : "yeah like she always told us to stay like within ourselves no matter not like,oh humdrum any problems see/oh guzzle thus the provability(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "i see she seems to be tranquil not patient thus durable agnostic to the idea of recent(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..yeah she was never confounded by anything at all.."
Solaria(smile) : "and we couldn't classify her yet knew she was separate from us but that distance was like all the more soothing um..(giggle)..not like THE MOST ENSUING(all un..,..,..MASTER BRAT)"
Tantrum : "i see she seems actual not virtual/thus factual not not disturbed by sanity an unfulfilled ritual(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..no she had her rituals but it was just looking straight then eventually her eyes closed and seemed to pass off among us taking us with her..but(laughing)..it's not like too much bonhomie(all un..,..)"
Solaria(giggle) : "and she would stay like that almost whole night as soon as the sun set and we were fed and all then we slept and she woke us up then Bree aunty came and took us with her which we never liked but still she never forced us to do anything but then we returned after lunch and stayed with Chan aunty again when strange people disturbed her who unnecessarily wanted to know who they are despite being that all the time and Chan aunty being another(all laugh..lot)..she never put much thoughts to them so they left a few she loved much they never asked much they liked us and we the same but it was never like our relationship with Chan aunty most of them weren't that unwavering to anything the others were but they were oblivious to us as if not feeling any requirement like Chan or Bree aunty..and we asked Chan aunty she said most look at themselves affectionately few compassionately few reflectively(all laugh) few actually few among them only themselves hence still proportionately(all laugh) but only very very few look at themselves naturally(all laugh)..we didn't know what she meant but as she was saying we as if were drifting to places that weren't so(all laugh) as she was talking through all the people..then said stability is ample..but um..(giggling)..it wasn't like,oh random this forbearance/oh guzzle thus all performance(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "i see she seems self beloved not self solvent/thus is elusive to the self never to it's reticence..countering(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..may be(all laugh..lot) but since she she left we never felt that presence till now but it's completely different yet like guzzles anything like as you said countering(all laugh..lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)"
Solaria(giggle) : "and then Bree aunty looked after us for sometimes then she too left then we never liked anything they were always so harsh till we heard you like Bree aunty had someone she called Spinda(all laugh..lot) sometimes she called her my little brat but when we asked the meaning she said he's too mischievous and since Bree aunty too left we didn't see him but when we asked people who had many who too called other beings like Reuniclas this name we remember they called them choiced brats(all laugh..lot)..and they called them masters as they said sometimes may said they are saying master brat(all laugh..lot) but..but like they were shackled it felt to us but um..(giggle)..when we heard you we thought we know you but later as they allowed us to go towards you all our experiences and your full appearance from up close just like spontaneously told both that anything that is deemed else like the master and their brats along with our whole experience can be different as you're finally indeed the master brat(all un..,..,..MASTER BRAT)"
Tantrum(jumping up after thumping the ground with extreme force) : "LANDORUS!(all un..,..)..existence now you..pay this mental bill(all un..,..)/to be conscious..did you just return the self asking for refill(all un..,..)/we come from dual that hence never safe(all un..,..)/to the real thus that is never in the safe(all un..,..)/look consciousness is returning the call/till the mental connection due to eventual congestion of itself the ideas defined so thus exchanged hence not persistent will fall(all un..,..)..oh TUTU MEWMEW DON'T COUNT TWO(all un..,..)/AS MEW HERE TRANSFORMS ONLY IN DEFINITIONS THUS TO HOOPA HOO HOO HOO(all un..,..)..any absolutes only mathematically not semantically described as non complex(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa and Soleria(giggling) : "like numbers seemed to specify objects despite not being so themselves like COUNTERING(all un..,..)"
Tantrum(running into the door with all his power) : "RUNERIGUS(all un..,..)..(the door is damaged but not broken yet creates a huge sound in holistic).."
..(the enforcers and other people coming in)..
Tantrum : "welcome..any idea not convoluted hereby(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa&Soleria(a bit scared try to hide behind Tantrum,but he holds their heads again,they are are scared now) : "um..it could mean so much more not less hence thus as bro said(all un..,..)"
A Doctor(frown) : "thus this is like a natural call isn't it Randy countering(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "measuring(all un..,..) countering isn't it(all un..,..,..cheers for COUNTERING).."
Solaria and Sonrisa(frown,a bit angry)  :"and you can't do anything about it cause if you do it's like(both giggle)..guzzle humdrum(all un..,..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)"
Tantrum : "countering(all un..,..)..any objections to self projection it's noted that necessity never necessary is the generator in INVENTION..shh..the most applicable(all un..,..)"
Doctor(frown) : "you know you can't cure them and we know others can't either we have a name Randy not for nothing.."
Tantrum : "indeed thus not something but everything..countering(all un..,..)..no wait Sir please there's a proof against your objections registered ever dually no matter sanity..countering(all un..,..)..compeers roll..(all laugh..lot).."
Sonrisa&Solaria(frown,still scared) : "no we're hungry..(giggle)..but like physically isn't it bro(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "physique is dependent on food too thus hunger is so to the MIND only metaphorically..physically countering though(all un..,..)..anyway Sir did this statement of theirs being HUNGRY made you ethically never morally ANGRY..rhymes saw(all un..,..)"
The Head Doctor(very angry) : "Stash you're crossing the limit ok.."
Tantrum : "stash means rays of what the definition thus itself makes the antecedent not necessary(all un..,..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM)/but continuity is the hull of limits opposed to describe the neutral thus only eventually mathematical to validate it hence indeed the other thus ofcourse the professory..countering(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "and you've been regular to school 12 years back when you were 3 and half for a week or so maintaining continuity just to learn how to write(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "how to put the words to form a name which if one reads would give my current existential form another conscious bite,reflectively though not originally to validate that indeed this isn't them in action not actuation,countering(all un..) besides they said ok this is how you write i objected saying given the definition of language in expression how we believe we're right isn't it effectually not perceptually(all un..),they told me to leave the class if i have so much objection to what they are doing,i said look i've been told that i need to SIGN my name that's why i came here(all laugh..lot) but your teaching me how to WRITE my name it's false advertising(all un..),they said just repeat in all caps and first two caps rest small then shorten the name to the starting letter and keep the rest similar as caps and small sequence memory you see Sir such an hindrance to intellectual clarity(all un..) anyway thus saying they gave me a paper i took it went to library just as i walked in i saw so many persons sitting there very seriously studying things and sometimes discussing things in low pitch voice then i took a chair sat sat on it then was listening to them they were talking about a,b,c,x,y,z how they are related and so on i saw my paper given to me same things written in caps and small so i was intrigued as to if they are written why are they so worried about it(all un..),then i heard someone saying IF this is X THEN that is Y thus..,i objected to the person hang on why are you convolving yourself in recurrence not instance(all un..),they reported me to the authority there they told me to stay numb as i was intruding them i said fare enough half their problem will be solved if they describe the whole picture in instances as to why this thing comes then they don't have to come either into space anyway(all laugh..lot),they said we can't end anything like that i said you won't need to start them to start with(all laugh..lot),they didn't like it you know said no we don't like this indifference i said fare enough happy unbinding same applies for one of my sisters too(all laugh..lot,..LILLIE FLOWER) this same thing later another term of life will happen in future as i know how to go there i also know what to do there thus why it can be done hence saying anyway please excuse my numerical fantasy(all un..),then i was in this college another time another term in office,research,athletics,on road and so on where i had this idea of getting something and feeling happy about it but just as i wanted to feel happy i looked at myself mentally inclusive and couldn't find anything at all only at the moment i thought i could(all un..) but when i thought i couldn't i found things that were in me but then just as i went to wash my hands and feet i found water reflects my physique so i said thus what is to be happy about anything given they are relative and causal and disjointed from the idea of me thus barring the optics of ego everything seemed totally indifferent then again as i said ego i neither could get nor could define absolutely hence realized it's of the same nature that is 'determination : the disease of honesty'(all un..)..hence thinking these then i went to the gym as i realized i should go somewhere given i knew how to,to prove to intellect that i could despite intellect defining me as being able to in the first place cause otherwise it couldn't define itself being plausible not inexistent though given the attention to it by mind in the process of proving it's capacity against rationalism of being despite devising the logic to animate it the first place(all un..) so anyway i went to the gym some people there were really determined to get physically fit they were talking about this and that game then said this and that strategy this and that thing but i looked at my paper and they were talking about A,B,C,X,Y,Z i said hang on why don't you just do what you say why try to do them cause they are same like A,B,C,D(all un..),they said you fight kid you fight(all laugh..lot),i said indeed compeers if you can define it physically in reflection(all burst..) they hit me i was bleeding cause i thought that will be a good way to balance the reaction(all burst..) but wasn't reacting mentally cause they weren't my mind strangely rather i was via them though they weren't different except in physique(all laugh..lot) they said saw i said you only didn't define fight physically you only did what you thought your physique will execute in this way actually(all un..),they complained to the authority there that i was a spy from another school(all laugh..lot) i objected saying how does this at all matter they already know they are same as you hence only came to compete(all un..,Violet..Lastly a RANDOM HUMDRUM of analogously critical sanity of feasible shadow,all un..),anyway they didn't like this idea so the authority told me go get some treatment i said but they will treat me like A,B,C,X,Y,Z will be treated but i will be left to understand them as they are again so how can i be treated except introducing tense to space despite claiming they have no relation only correlation if only proved not if there is the existence actually as proof is just going to say this is because it is yet do so charging a fee of attention(all un..) so they said can you walk away i said i don't have to do i cause i can walk mentally no matter(all laugh..lot),then they treated me and said you can't be anything if you don't try,i said if i can be anything i'll have to try so how am i not being already why convolve it compeers this obstinacy of yours baffles me that's all i'm saying(all un..),they said you should go forward,i said no i can't as for their sake man i have to go backward to me though not them(all un..),then they said do you want to meet them i said ofcourse but i'll meet them if they do compeers it's blessing never an opportunity unlike all else never anything else is the bequeathed(all laugh..lot) so then they said and you claim that you can't sign your name(all laugh..lot),i said no that's why i went to the class school is a public place though from 3 to 18 i've my certificates being 3 hence no trouble spatially though not temporally having been defined against uncertainty incorporating it changing the meaning to reflectivity(all un..),then they asked me can you read,i said yeah the alphabet and it's meaning nothing else why(all un..),then they said thus this is all to patronize with us,i said definitely else i can neither be me nor be the one among us(all un..),then they asked me we guess you've never practiced writing that's why,i said,TYRAniTAR!(all un..) then asked them if that moment meant terminological confusion or nomenclature's moral evaluation(all un..),they said fare enough you won't be allowed to practice writing here(all laugh..lot),so i went to the canteen cause hunger in essence is absolutely indifferent(all burst..),there i sat down and practiced things cause people were same there there wasn't any difference so i stayed there till thought of sleeping then woke up after a few hours may be never realized why count time unless someone asks to be present denoting a symbol with a logical way to derive it from past or future never present(all un..) so i woke up sometimes later and kept practicing then a few such cycles went on but once suddenly saw a few doctors there one i knew once i was ill for a month two years back from that time(all laugh..lot) he used to come to entertain me on health(all burst..) so i tried to ask him something but couldn't talk felt too feeble then enforced my will,'will : the insurance of sanity'(all un..),and asked him are you now compeer,are you now or to provable only in intellectually emulative sanity have you just taken a mental simulation of differential bow,countering(all un..),he said it's been 4 days you've not eaten a damn thing so too weak,i said yeah but i heard a song in the meantime you know it said,
OH GLORIOUS!(ALL UN..) no i won't give in yes i won't give in till of this sanity of being sane only if revealed to be so i'm no more pretentious(all un..)!so yes i'll try no i'll try to be why thus try look action is so ominous!(all un..)..
but then i thought with this understanding of the effective may have verbally veiled the mental infirmity of it's meaning as to why act at all if it has to be particular to be defined as effective action(all un..) so i asked them if they noticed any intrusion of nomenclature into the definition of methods in verbosity so many means could be annotated from this each countering the other and the self so engaging isn't it this attempt to express that i can(all un..),then i saw 24 persons there except them all didn't seem normal at all(all laugh..lot),they said you forgot to add juxtaposed with destiny compeer,'luck : the factorization of ethics'(all un..),i said i don't like this compeers i don't like this stale atmosphere of yours it seems like standing is the verge of ocean but being detached to the feel of water in the essence of WIND(all un..,..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,Tracey and Brock shake..lot)..just as i thought that i could from the crowd around them saw three more persons they weren't existent then as these 24 persons but two of them smiled and vanished another one of them wisely pointed out they meant essence in logic compeer the subtle not type that's the gross in terms of feelings then he too vanished(all un..,Stash,Goran and Goy..CILI WHERES KOMMO-O),anyway then eventually i was fed and all but i told them i know how to sign my name now but i can't write any other letters(all burst..)..so anyway then i signed slow and fast big and small in all combinations then recombined them showing it should be written that i'm allowed to sign only once at one particular place unless technology wants to make more profit(all un..) as it was said fingerprints are easier to forge later found the TECHNOLOGY inaccessible unless be able to write to explain why it's so against what it's not despite claiming it's universalizable certainly excluding an amount charged to arrange for this essay competition(all un..) later the fruit of the best essay determined who is best represented as relative never absolute(all un..) just to preserve the selfless mental freedom to bypass the person defined as a self(all un..) this idea of technology adamantly shows how rather signature is easier to forge not fingerprint,countering(all un..),hence knowledge is ready made Sir all one needs to do is to be not HUNGRY(all un..,..)/cause if there's knowledge there's ever other thus of ignorance knowledge becomes frustrated thus upon the self ever illusive thus not absolute thus exclusive hence out of frustration on ignorance on the self knowledge becomes so ANGRY..countering(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "thus.."
Tantrum : "the more you make your daughters not inherited processions tired the more you become ANGRY..countering(all laugh..lot).."
Head Doctor(irritated) : "yeah do as he says else will transpose our profession to him just double edged countering(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "observing yet dichotomously(all un..,..)..no wait arrange us at the CANTEEN the interaction among like minded the emotional conviction thus on neutrality a STRIKE(all un..,..,Mehadi cheers for yesterday's dossier MR MALIGN MIGHT,all un..,..)/but for the homologous it's not like when you demand an extra carry bag the POLYTHENE itself asks the price to HIKE(all un..,..,Poppy..today's dossier MR RESIGN thus to leave wheres the BIKE,all un..,..,..MR RESIGN BIKE,..)..any logical illusions noticed(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(annoyed) : "yeah geometrically countering(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "truly isn't it countering(all un..,..)"
..(later at canteen,Solaria and Sonrisa requires to be fed as their nerves are extremely disturbed still)..
Tantrum : "no you stay here compeers it's rather a break for you physically and you may eat as well no i don't eat before hunger thus continue continuously ever thus do MENTALLY..countering(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(giggle,high five among themselves) : "guzzle humdrum(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "co-efficiently not parametrically..thus obscurely..countering(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa&Soleria(very happy,giggling,to the enforcers) : "thus you should entertain us mentally(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "indeed(all laugh..lot) anyway you two stay here..(changing expression)..ABSENCE IS IRRELEVANT TO IT'S PRESENCE THE ABSENCE THAT'S PRESENCE..COUNTERING(all un..,..)..(normally)..i'm only staying here as you will hear these two honourable doctors and me talking never simultaneously unless they become not factually but statistically..countering(all un..,..).."
Sonrisa&Soleria(bit scared) : "no we should also see you.."
Tantrum : "fine rearrange(all laugh..shaking)..(changing expression)..PATIENCE IS THE TEST FOR PERSISTENCE..(normally)..countering(all un..,..)..why i don't require help is the MEANING of my movements..i have to arrange their seats..hence..
OH HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/THIS SPACE NOW SMALL OR BIG WILL FRAZZLE FRAZZLE halt isn't it just..ME(all un..)/thus neutral neutral search this puzzle/solved or unsolved it will ask to be optimized alas..thee(all un..)/hence humdrum humdrum this goal and action/hence muzzle muzzle these fractions..to be(all un..)..so oh humdrum now you guzzle guzzle/if there's me that's the puzzle..thee(all un..)/said In In In In dee dee dee dee DEE(all un..)..right any rigour of logic curtained by tacit skills(all un..).."
Sonrisa(giggle) : "bro all always told us to come and eat how would you(all un..)"
Solaria(giggle) : "and before that all said to wash our hands or the spoons and forks saying it's hygienic how would you add mentally to this(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"
Tantrum : "well to answer the first when they want you to eat they think death they can beat by making you seat to enjoy your life to craft which you'll need theirs else they can't define it as IT,countering you though not them as thus only you will deem your definition of self FIT(all un..)..secondly they will ask you to stay physically healthy as well as mentally wealthy by all means you should regardless of mind and physique and self and emotion only cause you need to answer your self when the self will ask you are you being YOU hungry,countering though not reflecting mentally i meant not provisionally(all un..)..when i was hungry food called me thy(all un..)/so when i was angry me i bid goodbye(all un..)/thus this idea of intrinsic difference is so as it's so so so shy(all un..)/mentally address this as hallow intellectually never ever hi(all un..)..as rationality says hallow is strictly real in the dual hi(all un..)..which is the first book of a personally school going professional INKAY(all un..,Goy and Goran..OH NOW MY THINKING OAK/OH NOW MY INKING OAK,all un..,Gary shakes..lot)..any notions of judgment veiled as exploratory points in logical description to force smoothness into dogma(all un..)"
Sonrisa&Solaria(sitting down) : "like oh humdrum this ensuing logical sinister/oh guzzle thus the propounding intellectual transistor(all un..)"
Tantrum : "in theoretical transition not measurable estimation,countering(all un..)"
..(after everything is rearranged,Solaria and Sonrisa can see Tantrum but can't hear him or what he is talking or listening too,Tantrum can both see and hear them as he is facing them,sitting in two corners of the canteen in enough distance so that they can see him clearly their sense seeing faculties have become weakened only their ears are functioning normally..)..
Tantrum : "right compeers please allow cognizence(all laugh..lot)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "what are you looking at(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "the food they are eating/that is emotion compeers against physique they're pitting..while mentally sitting,countering(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(scowl) : "thus you will learn from their hunger the holistic reaction of your handiwork(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "if it's projectable thus not for me only to me as a channel to not me hence,thus if it's profitable a product..for the market analysts no matter how my mental ideas to project it conduct..countering(all un..,..).."
Head Doctor(frown) : "yeah thus you will see what happens in recurrence(all laugh..,..)no don't bother they are only part of logic thus redundant occurrence countering(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "GROUDON!(all un..,..)..(loudly to those who are feeding Solaria and Sonrisa)..no it's ok the Blisseys were just a bit lost in NATURAL transition..countering(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "it won't take any effort from part Randy to bring this all down why you're here.."
Tantrum : "countering(all un..,..) any reflective theories contradicted thus validated as theory as being so thus holistic theory or itself the contradiction that's illusion being theorized as is theory too thus any reflections in theory not actual not contradicted virtually without meaning thus meaningfully(all un..,..).."
Head Doctor(irritated) : "yeah whatever(all laugh..lot,Violet..GUZZLE GUZZLE WHAT-so-EVER,all un..,..),they.."
Tantrum : "excuse speculation Sir(all un..),any reasoning behind why they didn't want to clean themselves up except for while excreting in washroom(all un..)"
Head Doctor(very angry) : "cause they come from Jukhatoram City(all un..,..).."
Tantrum : "so(all laugh..lot)"
Head Doc(frown) : "best left to those who there doesn't have to go(all laugh..,..)"
Tantrum : "see we only treated an ailing Jangomo-O that resides at Huntelion Valley which includes this city in itself indifferentialy though despite the meanings of description..only to be countering(all un..,..)"
Head Doc(frown) : "and it's range is all encompassing thus pun intended(all laugh..,..)"
Tantrum : "surely why not actually(all laugh..).."
Head Doc(frown) : "they are unique cases and totally incurable..yes your assumption is very true and we tried our best for 8 months this is what just preceded this.."
Tantrum : "i'm interested in the action compeers neither the actors nor the story neither the viewers or who have RE-turned in markets no worry or so sorry probably(all un..,..) thus it's strategy Sir of illusion no comedy or tragedy(all laugh..lot).."
Head Doctor(frown) : "they were born to two persons who are more familiar to you than us from Zipgarnet abandoment's shelter(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "yeah physical deficiencies i incidentally went there at night didn't ask anyone anything just to sit cause it was raining and i could see later they asked me which i told them they can see is only thee(all un..) then they introduced me to their other compeers so i accepted the invitation as it was always a delight in search for the sanity that they through all meanings culture(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(irritated) : "yeah enough of your vultures(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "indeed like them they don't really both about undefined yet define emotions the ulcer(all laugh..lot)..so they asked me physically who am i/i said you know thus you've bid me already goodbye..via interest not essence isn't it(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "yeah thus you scared them enough for none to treat you as they attacked you physically which you cured by means of disease as the headline said,'disease : the best selling fiction of world of health'(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "tautologically(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(irritated) : "yeah whatever(all laugh..lot),you must know what birth their means in terms of situations and luck so thus these two were conceived when found out the fullness the parents turned upon them themselves and others were in the mess too happily so eventually after a whole year of torture they were abandoned at a forest esque area around Perotoras region the border area of Syseptip forest and the city your grazing field(all laugh..,..) but thankfully at that time Reverend Chan,a very respected nun of extremely high order incidentally found them..she was staying there for a long time started as a general trainer in her previous association but after incidentally catching a Jangomo-O completely the opposite obviously to what you were upto(all laugh..lot)..it was her starting pokemon Charizard who fiercely battled the Jangomo-O who evolved there itself into Hakamo-O but this Charizard was badly injured and all didn't survive the Hakamo-O did and became tamed later by Ms Chan but by then she was no more a fiercely motivated individual in wrong direction so went there released Hakamo-O and stayed there for sometimes then went forth later returned there in much advanced stage then stayed there her Hakamo-O too died later as it ransacked the place as she left but she ofcourse before could do anything rangers shot her down and that was accidentally too much so then later she came to know by then it wasn't a trouble to her certainly but still later went there said she will have to stay indifferent there to make things right as she was leftover physically and the place was perfect holistically..so many people were helped the pokemons ofcourse in that presence anyway didn't intrude much then later it was made safe but disturbed people went there as the place was harsh to live and so on..Reverend Chan lived for 100 years so these as you see took place over many many years anyway she finding these two rescued them and asked the locality who had nothing to do with them so had to keep them with her Ms Bree a very pious lady there took much care of Reverend Chan in her advanced years if she so asked that is if medicines were needed she asked her if Ms Bree paid her visit but she stayed at the forest till passage into conformity so anyway these two she took care of and named them Sonrisa the elder one and Solaria the younger.."
Tantrum : "i'm sorry to interrupt you but you see the first means smile the second means from the sun thus given you know the history you should've been most respectful to duality itself that's a contradiction sadly isn't it countering(all laugh..shaking..).."
Head Doctor(scowl) : "well you certainly are being that's us why would the difference persist(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "for us being different to exist indeed(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "we said we did what we could do not everyone is a chosen one like you(all laugh..,..)"
Tantrum : "thus no point in being frozen either knowing the self to be so isn't it rationally(all burst..)"
Head Doctor(irritated) : "yeah whatever(all laugh..lot,cheers for COUNTERING)..anyway from 1 to 7 they stayed with reverend Chan then with Ms Bree from 7 to 9 then from 9 to 15 to various people then incidentally came here at 15 and is 16 now been here for 8 months in Rimsable for 4 more months so total one whole year.."
Tantrum : "another time i fervently beg of your mercy tell me about the donations to sustain them along with you(all laugh..shaking).."
Head Doctor(frown) : "that never keep anything EXTRA as it being processed contradicts the idea of security(all un..).."
Tantrum : "via MATURITY indeed statistics proves so(all un..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "thus you're a diabolical frugal miserable demon(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "indeed till i find what's not my/when found thus definitely i can't keep myself what's thy..countering(all burst..)/before that there's a search for what's need for me/but if no matter the search when one understands they have it or doesn't they surely know it's in their mind only cause neither the mind nor the physique can be adorned with what is not intrinsic to it but hereby defined as another thus deemed by lexicon not meaning,property..countering(all un..)/hence to keep what's not required in physique or in mind/there's an idea of psychophysical excretion duality never kind..countering(all un..)/thus in reality alone you get the peace of truth ever pure/thus to be assured of it before that why try to be so sure..countering(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "thus it's noted you've never helped anyone in need(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "when my sense faculties betrayed me i applied their counters that's concentration for eye TO SEE not to understand(all un..),MEANING for ear not memory(all un..),sensation not feeling for skin(all un..),mention not conception for tongue(all un..),then and guards for the nose the only one in this case needed cause of the requirement of physical action if wasn't then analysis not addiction(all un..)..thus may be it was only a matter of speed(all un..).."
Head Doctor(frown) : "i said it on the facts as unless it was between 23:30 to 3:30 you talked others in helping(all un..,..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS).."
Tantrum : "cause they wanted to be happy yet thought of themselves only to be not them but the puppy..countering(all un..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "thus barring one there were quite a few such cases the one happened at 22:00 a person just drank too much others were just natural help,and in case of the drunk all you did was to tell her if it feels alright then added countering(all un..)..there was a mayhem hence still others helped it the other cases diseases and else when you were confronted as to why you were helping you gave the dumbest excuse of not knowing the directions and norms of the city(all burst..)..so in one case you were taken to the hospital so in next case you told people(all un..)..and ok it was because you didn't have any money what would you have if you did there was such a time as well when you never cared either just paying the cash with verbal spices as one case records at Pallet itself each of your days in public were insured by Mr Wolfgang hence we know(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)"
Tantrum : "Oh Gyre Gyre actuation/oh Gyre did you see it's situation(all un..) and well about that one in Pallet..
i was busy not in my mind/thus paid the price for the transport that was told that after dropping the needy it would take me to my destination as well in a deal of exports..countering(all un..)..thus when the authorities after admitting the patient asked me of my details i said you see TIME is a COMMODITY that the needy only ENTAILS..countering(all un..)..so they had to either relieve the cab driver or not pay me their hard earned money in all due honesty reflectively(all un..,..GAMBLERS OF MORALITY,all un..)..they chose the second route hence i said you know this is called 'honesty : the gambling of morality'(all un..) then added refractively(all un..) thus they realized it was the matter of the same for the authority that has volunteered to PROTECT the sanity not the vanity..countering(all laugh..lot)..hence i spent my time there and thus couldn't be on time somewhere no matter nowhere this equilibrium on duality compeers AH!BEAUTY!BEAUTY!(all un..)..any disputed formulas ambiguously described(all un..)"
Head Doctor(scowl) : "i'll see about that afterwards(all laugh..lot,Goy cheers,..HEALY,all burst..)..anyway about them as i was saying their medical condition was known from childhood but none could help it really cause of Ms Bree's accidental death and then her solicitor Mr Jonas too left objectives within a year itself he too was single so indeed it was hard for anyone their cases only deepened thus and no physically they are more than perfect thus only the names and i guess Reverend Chan saw something in them thus thus only the name cause no matter they seemed too perceptive.."
Tantrum : "Reverend Chan knew what i deny compeers that is sanity(all laugh..lot)..hence you can take it for granted she doesn't need the saying or be at a too exalted state for my satiation either the forwardness is enough for me a retard thus from you it's expected more being the neutral ones(all laugh..lot)..who told you the story.."
Head Doctor : "Mr Wolfga..(all laugh..shaking..head)"
Tantrum : "gang..Reverend Wolfgang Bistorter..
Oh Gyre Gyre information/Oh Gyre did you think volition or investigation(all un..,..)/oh Gyre Gyre call for rendition/Oh Gyre did you logically refer or understood intellectual fascination(all un..)..any moral objections denied(all un..,..)"
Head Doctor(frown) : "well it's hands-on to you since here isn't it(all laugh..,..)"
Tantrum : "see from this perspective of the unbounded background it can be given my experiences with their metaphysical exuberance thus illusive(all un..,..) Strawberry Facepalm can be in consideration, given their soundness of thought not sanity Daily Hologram could be chosen for probation(all un..,..) given their aptitude in consciousness thus coexistence not inexistent Charlie Doldrum could be could be in straight line to sithe them off from being through curved paths thus sanely planar not actually linear(all un..,..,..MR STRAIGHTLINE SITHE,all un..),given their familiarity to meaning not if it's in comprehension(all un..) Jubilee Hands-On's dossiers could've been useful in apprehension not in actual situations(all un..,..CIVILIZATION,all un..),i myself could've been in demand if only i could understand that i was strangely not them cause i know it hence no need of any further logics on existence only consciousness that is not plausible peculiar compeers this sanity(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS SANITY/OH GUZZLE THUS MODALITY,all un..,..GUZZLE THE CRITICAL HUMDRUM,all un..)..but thus given all and their trepidation of difference despite being indifferent to it thus only and thus only needed is LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM as that only doesn't require unlike all else the CESSATION..countering(all burst..,..look-only-at)"
Head Doctor(sitting up and going away) : "ring the biased and the human rights association together just to say welcome never bye..greeting now Phantom(all un..,..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)"
Tantrum : "so that they may greet you in future that's indeed thus in potential now hallow never hi(all un..)..oh young Doctor attention or being clever/oh my young doctor feels now or never(all un..)..(going to Solaria and Sonrisa)..right how are things going here.."
Sonrisa(giggle) : "did you tell them the song(all laugh..lot).."
Solaria(giggle) : "like STRAWBERRY BERRY BERRY(all laugh..lot,Gary shakes..head)..(both in unison)..humdrum necessity thus guzzle necessary(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..,Gary shakes..head).."
Tantrum(thumping his palm clap) : "SESEPTRICUSTROG!(all un..)..oh colony oh my colony/as you are so why colony(all un..,..)/really oh my really/if you are so why concrete it rather than distributing it in monogram of dually(all un..,..COLONY MONOGRAM,all un..)..besides how are your eyesights now how far can you two see and hear.."
Solaria(a bit thoughtful) : "um..i don't know i can't see you properly if you go a bit further.."
Sonrisa(a bit concerned) : "um..no we couldn't discern what you were saying always because these gentlemen were talking sometimes but could hear you not  clearly though"
Tantrum : "i see how far could you see before you meet me Ms Sonrisa.."
Sonrisa(smile) : "um..not much different but i feel comfortable now(all laugh..lot)..what's your name.."
Tantrum : "reference you mean(all laugh..lot).."
Solaria(smile) : "um..no Chan aunty said it's assimilation.."
Tantrum : "indeed no doubts but for you two only for me it's,LAMKAPATANILRASTISBAZ!(all un..)!that's just countering(all un..,Violet..THE DARK NIGHTS OF DISTRIBUTIVE DIMENSIONS,all un..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..yeah like like for you rather anything is like the most engaging(all laugh..,..)"
Tantrum : "simultaneously(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all un..,...) anyhow you two eat here i'm going to sit here you can see me..compeers any communicator will help a long way..(gets a communicator)..to the police ofcourse(all laugh..shaking).."
Police : "Rimsable section speaking"
Tantrum : "i'm a seeker compeers,seeker of sanity..countering(all un..,..)"
Police : "right whom do you want(all laugh..lot shaking..)"
Tantrum : "Mr Luis Lobtenar surely you know him(all laugh..lot)"
Police : "the first in revised courses as the spokesperson..mentally that is(all laugh..,..)..right hold on.."
Tantrum : "include either Ingu Oak or Ms Plavjar(all laugh..shaking..) or Professor Myla Dr Ms Micot(all laugh..lot)"
Police : "thanks(all laugh..lot).."
Luis(straight) : "any pathological innovations required(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "that your monogram will tell you compeer whom i want hold on.."
Professor Ignacio Oak(frown) : "which brat is it(all laugh..).."
Tantrum : "if he said it would mean he knows what you mean despite being another falsifying language admitting permanence countering omniscience isn't it rhyming with Nuzzleaf(all un..,..).."
Professor Oak(frown) : "yeah already has(all laugh..lot)..what are the concerns Lui.."
Luis(straight) : "benefaction of intelligence(all un..,..)"
Professor Oak(frown) : "i see what disturbed your causal chain enough(all laugh..,..)"
Tantrum : "the bequeathed Ignu isn't subject to them..i'm sure this is enough for your CRITICS(all laugh..)"
Luis(smile) : "of duality indeed the master..(cuts off)..(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "see Ignu what happens when you're infatuated with causality not obsessed of countering(all laugh..shaking).."
Professor Oak(frown) : "look this is not suited for Arnold or Sarmad.."
Tantrum : "indeed.."
Professor(frown) : "i can't allow unless i know the facts.."
Tantrum : "you only sign what you're asked to Ignu as your elder grandson gambles the rest PERSONALLY(all un..)..so rest isn't your jurisdiction you're only told for moral state of arts in belief thus not relief(all un..,..) as OBEDIENCE is of such great benefaction..countering(all laugh..shaking)..to prove it in the facts ring Gyrehang up personally and ask him to extract the informations that he is to himself only famed at objectively though(all laugh..shaking)..of the activities at () hospital Rimsable from Doctor Chris Hutamat the chief notional(all un..,..),Doctor Becca Sacoret his shoe maker and Doctor Henrikh Mavarbat her sweeper welcome never bye(cuts off)..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..right now connect me again to Police similarly they take pride in eavesdropping probability what hence now i want(all laugh..lot,..BABY GYARADOS).."
Police : "whoose next.."
Tantrum : "CERULEAN!(all laugh ..lot)!CERULEAN,CERULEAN..CERULEAN!(all laugh..lot)..tell them i'm an author,author of sanity..countering(all un..,..)"
Police : "we can connect to Ms Daisy Waterflower directly we've been empowered now no concern as the authorizer was she only(all burst..,..DAISYDAISYL)"
Tantrum : "this idea is in your jurisdiction compeers not mine mind it(all laugh..lot) and i at present want to subscribe to the latest version(all burst..,all Waterflower the sisters un..) syntactically not semantically hence the connection isn't done putatively only grammatically(all un..,..)"
Police : "right that too is possible given time as that version may still be in prototyping just about of leave the thoughtful school of servicing(all laugh..lot) not yet fully prepared(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "the creator of the update isn't isn't an intellectual only rational fool move it(all laugh..lot,Goy and Mehadi un..,Guang,Gus,Goran and Gary..YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,Mehadi scowls and scoffs at them as Goy laughs even more  er,all laugh a lot)"
(Mehadi is connected)
Mehadi(frown) : "why are you disturbing me in the reservation.."
Tantrum : "when you want to drink do you prefer to have an abstract or mentionable glass(all un..,..)"
Mehadi(scowl) : "shut up you b..!(all laugh..,Brock cheers for WAS THAT A CHALLENGE BROCK HUH WAS THAT A CHALLENGE,Goy..TOFFEE-FLOWER,all laugh..,Mehadi laughs..lot  oy) when i act i know that i can make a move to validate that very fact UNLIKE YOU WHO ACTS BECAUSE HE CAN'T DISTINGUISH THE PROBABILITY OF THE VALIDATION AND HOW IT THEORITICALLY MAPS..take that you b..(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "action is only the actuation that is verb/fraction is the grammar of duality reality in semantics thus never reserve..the berth of process and education that preserve the ability to be or not thus why DESERVE..countering(all burst..)"
Mehadi(frown) : "b.. like you the negotiations of labels as part of supply chain between intelligence and demarcation is the reason why i have to be accepting royalty of emotions the abstraction of facts to be a being yet be infact mind that you b..(all un..,..,Goy cheers for YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,Mehadi un..)"
Tantrum : "it's a matter of lack of strings to complete the stitch hombre(all laugh..lot,..) of the excise rules that asks for an amount of neutrality from the negotiation real time isn't it(all laugh a lot).."
Mehadi(irritated) : "shut up!you're only frustrated as to why i'm not signing up in your gang so that you can have more solid cases against yourself to counter(all laugh..,..)..and i won't unless that b.. COLONY MONOGRAM shows his damn face LOGICAL(all un..,..,Goy cheers for YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,Mehadi un..,..) what is he afraid of so much hum(all laugh..,..,Goy cheers for TOFFEE-FLOWER,Mehadi laughs..lot.. oy).."
Tantrum : "clarity cause it imposes constraints of meanings that is doesn't disclose till the clarification hence an immoral business though honest the effort and ethical the registration as a service provider to emotion(all un..,..)..hence he will when there is no more sanity..mentally mentionable cases only though(all un..,..)"
Mehadi(scowl) : "i guess this question has appeared in your mind cause he has confidence in me(all laugh..lot,cheers for TOO SWEETIE,..)"
Tantrum : "well the rest 3rd and 2nd eldest two are tailor made aren't they the eldest timely consumable by notions that waits till doesn't have to see..reflectively that is(all burst..,Daisy un..,Tracey Shakes his head laughing)..the elder to you is consummate in consultation as the course and yet countering the propensities says..consummate in meaning,countering it's rational being mentally though isn't it(all un..,Guang,Gus,Gary and Goy..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE,all un..)"
Mehadi(scowl) : "none of them are digestible unless there's not functional but questionable thee take that you b..(all un..,..,Stash cheers..VETERANS OF WATERFIRE,all un..)"
Tantrum : "that is cause they want to hide and seek why aren't you just me you included not given a miss(all burst..)"
Mehadi(irritated) : "SHUT UP YOU B..!he's way more assertive on negligence to momentary gymnasium the formation of conditional insurance of cessation UNLIKE YOUR SUBSECTION OF METAPHORICAL PIECES OF JUXTAPOSITIONAL ASSURANCES THE IDEA OF SHAPE OF SHAPELESS THE WATERMELON..take that you b..(all un..,..,Stash..BABY GYARADOS).."
Tantrum : "indeed he does hombre that's why he isn't ceasing the absent water drop in the chemical watermelon(all un..,..)"
Mehadi(angry,shout) : "SHUT UP YOU B..! HE IS.."
Tantrum : "way more authentic in congruence of the sequestration of reality unlike the relational me and whose process is the factorial proliferation of questionably deniable jollied modality not subjectively consumable solid actuality..countering(all un..,..,..cheers for COUNTERING,..)"
Mehadi(frown) : "yeah b..like you are the SOLE reason why he is still fooling around among b.. like only you you b..(all laugh..,Daisy cheers for THAT'S THE PLAYBOY LET'S TAKE NOTES,all un..)"
Tantrum : "lexically(all un..,..)..anyway hombre i met two persons today whom i hope you won't advocate to be of your vaguely defined mental splendor subjecting from your obstinate vigil to uphold you physical danger i meant gender(all un..,..Dangerous,#,..)..them i met here at Inksoot () hospital as my colleagues not sympathizers hence behave your hubby as the conference demands(all laugh..,..)"
Mehadi(shout) : "SHUT UP YOU.."
Police : "it's ok 'mam he's connecting you to Ms Sonrisa and Ms Solaria two patients around 17 and half to 18 suffering since birth through existential tragedies included who admitted at the hospital as we've come to know..it's ok they in minds still are 5 or 6 but still pretty perceptive to PROPER treatment as our report could gather on the type of treatment that you can infer ofcourse(all laugh..lot).."
Mehadi(taken aback) : "um..yeah he should tell them they are so only telegraphically not by the polls(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "momentarily(all burst..)..anyway talk with them hombre keeping a check on your genderous j.. mentally that is(all laugh..shaking..)"
Mehadi(angry) : "Shut up you.."
Sonrisa(a bit confused) : "um..why are you shouting 'mam bro only said a few words didn't ask you to understand them(all un..)"
Solaria(giggle) : "personally only professionally too i guess what he meant(all un..)"
Mehadi(smile) : "no dears(all burst..,..BABY GYARADOS,Goy and Mehadi un..) it's cause he transacts in exclusivity thus can't ferment his questionableness to objects as well as others(all burst..,Poppy..ATTITUDE,..Goy and Mehadi un..)"
Solaria(giggle) : "yeah but are you like are you awake 'mam are you afraid of predictions(all un..)"
Mehadi(smile) : "translatable preconditions(all un..,Gary..SHUT UP YOU NAMECALL!I'M WAY BETTER AT TERMINATION OF TERMINOLOGICAL GYMNASTICS UNLIKE YOUR NAMECALL'S POLYMORPHIC SYNAPTICS,Goy..young flower dream,all un..,Mehadi too un..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..but are you instrumental 'mam are you reliable that you are(all un..)"
Mehadi(smile) : "grammatically yes mutationally not(all un..)"
Sonrisa&Solaria(excited a bit) : "um..yeah like you're immune to changes then unless it has already taken place thus at present virtual(all un..,..COLONY MONOGRAM,all un..)"
Mehadi(smile) : "but there too for the immunization of logical existence the spirituality requires nomenclature of functional intuition(all un..,Goy..TOFFEE-FLOWER,Mehadi un..)"
Sonrisa(giggle) : "um..yeah thanks 'mam bro says you'll return later honestly but now we should relieve the doctors who are feeding us ethically so that to you now we can truly say welcome never bye(all un..).."
Solaria(giggle) : "but um..then after this for that next time we also to be moral can't say not hallow but hi(all un..)"
Mehadi(smile) : "caustically indeed dears in terms of subjugation of ego to being to form decision for linguistic tense definitively in terms of parameters of knowledge not definitely in terms of their acquirement(all un..,..PALKIAN LIFE,all un..)"
Tantrum : "GYARADOS!(all un..,..).."
Mehadi(scowl) : "shut up you b..(all un..,..BABY GUARADOS)!he's far more covalent in terms of reactions unlike your bi-valence in motifs of transaction(all un..)"
Tantrum : "STITARTOMOSDRAGUM!(all un..)..what this moment though would mean to your wife hombre in terms of actuality of welcome never bye..wife as in meaning not self as then it's no more mine but Are's You countering hence YOU ARE just to be only as countering(cuts off)..(all un..,..YOU ARE..countering,#,..)..here's your communicator Sir and yours too none will disturb you don't worry i was talking with a patient who confirmed the disease then told us the cure just as anyone responds to treatment(all un..,..) it's a disease,disease of sanity(all un..,..) the cure is the release,release of clarity..countering(all un..,..THE DARKENED ONES,all un..)..any one sided perceptional ideologically perversely advocated(all un..,..)..no(all un..)..thanks(all laugh,..MASTER BRAT)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(unison,giggle) : "like humdrum this objection/oh guzzle thus subjection(all un..,..)..then(both burst into laughter)..like as nothing is possible in duality it's all like thanks COUNTERING(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "way to go compeers countering hence unanimously and unrestrained by any another only ever DUALLY MASTERING(all burst..,..,..MASTER BRAT)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(giggle,claps but this time doesn't jump up) : "MASTER BRAT(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "no specifications(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa and Soleria(giggle) : "what is the word to enforce it(all un..,..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM,..,Gary shakes..)"
Tantrum : "that answer will be a gift to you my dears from STRAWBERRY NOW WHY NOT ABSTRACTLY LEXCIALLY CONCRETE BERRY(all un..,..)/OH NOW subjectively MERRY MERRY WHY NOW LEXICALLY FERRY FERRY(all un..,..,cheers..MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,..,Gary shakes..).."
..(afterwards Leah calls Zed later in the day)..
Leah(worried) : "um..Zed have you heard about Stashey.."
Zed(smile) : "rejoice mom as i told Professor finally the calamity of ethics(all un..,..) found it's commandant(all laugh)"
Leah(worried) : "um..no it's ok but this is too much given all the opposition he's picking up my sweet little Stashey is as independent as anything what if.."
Zed(smile) : "he's picking up dissent mom not revenge cause he's being playful with morality not the professional honesty attached with it that is freedom from hazardous possibilities the crux of being in probability(all burst..,..CIVILIZATION)..cause the incoming line if is smitten by despise isn't going to last at all no matter him cause the effects are not at all gross because they are related to ethics not honesty being impossible to inculcate given it's root being in duality never well defined thus one can only be accustomed to honesty by practice of ethics impossible with morality in this case cause it deals existence unlike ethics(all un..),hence no if he's moral himself he will be transacting in ethics for himself to inculcate that he can't be only ethical possible in self reflection cause that is against honesty impossible being alone in definition(all un..),so to be honest to himself he must be moral with consciousness not ethical to existence to do which he should be moral with existence not honest to himself(all un..) whereas to be moral to self as i said he can't be either honest or ethical with anything but not his self(all un..),this is all cause of the definitions only of abstracted reality of morality with others,ethical with their reflection the mental bother and finally honest with self the another thus he can't be the same without bother eve if he tries to be or not be the other while becoming another(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..),so it is about him and none else to him all of us are mere points of vanity,the camouflage of procedures on the process to originality(all un..)..i went to northern Rainblue at the age of 3 and half during my sem break(all laugh..lot) which none of you know cause i went to Flint uncle's place and disappeared from a group expedition going there which had to take me on board cause i collaborated with one of their Aerodactyl pair's reticence(all un..) then i slipped out none could find me cause then i went inside a cave randomly(all laugh..lot)..there i disturbed a few animals who were angry on me but didn't say much cause i had a Slugma with me managed by exchanges(all burst..) this ensured they were busy with a Lycanroc of their's especially at northern Raiblue with a mad Lycanroc isn't the most enjoying(all laugh..lot) anyway then Slugma i got in and later they found me but i remembered that experience so disappeared that night itself by eating too much making sure my stomach wasn't well so that they had to allow me(all burst..) then i left no cloths covered in physical pollution rain started they couldn't find me i went to a trench like place where a few other animals took shelter in so i went in but this time found a few snakes(all laugh..lot shaking..) they wanted to attack me but then didn't cause i wasn't bothered about them but their process of weaving(all burst..) i learnt this stance from a picture i was in that sat down and kept weaving looking at them but i was afraid i was afraid but when i was i thought ok now let's be afraid so it wasn't that much of a trouble(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..) anyway then later i fell asleep may be the snakes did bit me i don't know but i found myself in the treatment room with people looking very grim and grave i said what are you so worried about i'm still alive in definition of you that's all(all burst..) then they scolded me and all i said well they don't have to pay for my treatments and i won't be able to come out from Pallet to northern Raiblue quickly enough and in road would be caught so i used this vacation(all laugh..lot) but they really don't have to treat me for free so they said what may i give them back i said your pokemons were misbehaving let them dine with me in the middle there while you sit at home if you stay there i can't guarantee any of our survival physically though(all burst..) then they allowed me cause their pokemons weren't proper(all laugh..lot)..so went there with the pokemons and told them to get in the ball they got in i went to another cave this time finally met the carnivors and other wild pokemons now if i was agitated my pokemons would come out so i couldn't be to keep all safe thus i stayed there and they encircled me i was thinking what it must be like to be predator and the prey too then just as this thought came to me i asked them are you alive compeers are you depressed to be(all un..) what they said i didn't know but each looked different with that my feelings changed too so i realized what it felt that the essence was that if i was to be i need so many things to be too so i thought that is ridiculous cause they will want to define me too but that's hindering freedom of expression isn't it(all un..)..so i stayed there and this time stayed silent didn't do the stance and all then later fell asleep may be after a day or so then eventually was hungry and all when sentience struck me if i was alive who would provide me with life unless they were dead that's all of sentience which didn't seem too intelligent a scheme to be cause being isn't animate the desire is which is agnostic to it for the same logic to uphold itself not another(all burst..)..anyway then i returned after 2 or 3 days then came back dad knew all of it as did only uncle,Myla aunty,Malva aunty,Renee aunty,Professor and Hezza aunty so grandma,you and Glorie aunty didn't know it but i say this cause Stashey went there too i took him there only Weeky and all his 4 bros and Gladie know it and that was when he was 4 just at the time when Jingie came up(all laugh..lot) so the others were busy with him you must've remembered i told you i need to see Jerry uncle and Stashey wants to come you couldn't stop him from coming anyway you knew that too mentally(all laugh..lot) so i took him to northern Rainblue told Jerry uncle to give me a couple of Tropius' which he obliged that was first time also i met full evolved dragons without outside disturbance in wild(all laugh..lot) so i left Stashey in a trench or something like that and went to southern part to camp with Brock who was intrigued by Jingie's coming cause he was unsure how would the feeling be for him now metaphorically cause that can't change(all un..,Gary,Genkai,Goran,Goy,Blossom,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..THAT FEELING,Brock too un..)..anyway then 3 days later after leaving Brock at the gym i went to pick Stashey up he was sleeping then ofcourse a few animals all must've attacked him but he was alive ofcourse which i knew it wasn't possible that he would go just like me cause we both knew if we did we'll retrun at this point only so it won't matter morally(all burst..) and for me it was too easy as an insurance if then when i was attacked there after send the Tropius' off all i had to do was to convince myself that i wanted to survive so would've tried and failed simple(all un..,..SOCIETY,all un..) anyway then took him to a hospital had enough money there cause Brock introduced me to this idea of how ground types feel lonely if one amalgamates excitement in their suspicion(all un..,Brock too un..,Gary,Goran,Poppy,Goy,Mehadi and Stash..DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER JUST LOOK AT HOW THIS FEELING KNOCK/OF FORTITUDE WHILE YOU'RE DETERMINED AS THE STEEL THUS LOOK AT THE INTELLECT LAUGHING AT YOU THRWOING THE EMOTIONAL ROCK,all un..,Daisy..CALL COMES PEWTER GYM HALLOW SIS DID YOU FEEL THAT 11 city needs more authentication in objectivity or just a rational shock,all un..,Lillie..OH PEWTER LOOK HAS COME THE LEADING ROCK,Violet un..,Brock hides..lot)..anyway then he woke up i asked him are you here Stashey are you here or only in your objections(all un..),he looked at me very surprised saying yeah the latter countering why(all un..,Violet..HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/IF YOU TRY DO OR BE IN ANY IT WILL BE MY SELF THUS NUZZLE NUZZLE..ME,all un..,. un..)..so i didn't say much after that only asked if he wanted to return there(all burst..),he was even more surprised saying reliably indeed,countering but why would you ask(all un..,Violet..TRY TO BE YOURSELF..TO DOS CALL THE SELF WHO READS OH VULTURES TRY,all un..,..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,. un..)..so it's ok mom don't worry as long as he is reliant on that(all burst..,..CIVILIZATION,all un..),anyhow that's for subtlety only(all un..,Lillie..OH MY DEAR SISTER DON'T THINK WHAT I NOW MIGHT TURN TO BE/LOOK AT MY PROFESSION I'M THE FOCUS OF SUBTLETY,all un..,Tracey shakes..),in gross i would take it up most gleefully mom but Noldie and Sarmie needs it too who won't fit anywhere else but it won't matter if they can't manage i will find another job this is all about structures of duality state-of-arts are only for me to apply it's ok mom anything will be till they don't try to get rid of their pure self despite standing on it.."
Leah(bit concerned) : "look i understand you but Stashey isn't you and is 16 only still in ever unpredictable existence(all laugh..lot).."
Zed(smile) : "well this is the basic of handling pokemons to start with you may know too not to be assured that a fight is possible against it before understanding the basic rules of of the referee that is the very possibilities(all un..),after this if the fight is still assured it becomes perspective oriented hence isn't at all a fight unless one wants to fight it(all un..) hence the real fight is in the assurance of it mom not the definition but the meaning(all un..) hence there is the real fight is all to mean not to define(all un..),thus no matter where the fighter is only fighting by means of the idea itself not asking if it is an idea at all or not cause that's the definition not the meaning(all un..),the meaning is just about duality impossible exactly why without reality which in viseversa being true the meaning of the self must become all pure even if not found as true being a dual process of reality,countering(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON)..hence when he wants consolidation not consultation is when he's in danger to thoughts wanting everything but the meaning of all including themselves not before ever after hence welcome as ever before afterwards never plausible is bye(cuts off)..(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON).."
Leah(self,laughing in phone,records to Zed) : "yeah i only hope the whole world past and future when wanted to be met in this search or action just to mean it(all burst..) hence like due to ever familiarity hallow never hi(all un..) doesn't existentially put gross varieties all here together plane agnostic bye(all laugh..lot,..Compendium,all un..)"
..(later,same day,evening,Tantrum stayed in the Hospital all along with Sonrisa and Solaria who has been admitted back,Tantrum is staying in their room,Lastly Ghastly Phantom comes in)..
Security : "um..please si.."
Phantom : "er,Sir..the acceleration of ethical velocity..physics oh PHANTOM(all un..,..),anything else(all burst..).."
Security : "darkness is so only cause of optics thus darkness you may go(all un..)"
Phantom : "welcome never bye thus hence not so..countering(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all un..)"
..(Phantom going up to where Tantrum is staying)..
Phantom(roaming around the hospital again going to Tantrum's room the last) : "MIND..MIND MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/TRY TO BE-HIND COMPARED TO YOUR OWN MIND CAUSE UNLESS YOU'RE SO IT IN REAL ALONE YOU CAN NEVER..FIND(all un..,..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)/OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/WHAT IS THIS,WHAT THUS MISS(all un..,..),WHAT ARE THE FEES..TO MAKE IT TO CEASE(all un..,..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)../OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/THIS IS ASSIGNED,THAT THUS JUST RESIGNED(ALl un..,..),HENCE IT'S IN LINED,TO BE HONESTLY CONFINED(all un..,..)/OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/LOOK AT THE THIS ALL,QUEUE FOR RECALL(all un..,..),ELSE THEY WILL FALL..WHEN REPEATBLLY SIGNED(all un..,..)/OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/I CAN SAY THIS TRUE,I CAN DO OR THINK THIS TURE,I CAN NOT DO ANY AT ALL,I CAN'T HENCE SAY YOU(all un..,..,..PLAYBOY UNBOUND)/OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/I THUS DUAL,YOU THUS REAL,THUS WHERE THE FEAR TO BE AFRAID OF OWN KIND(all un..,..)/OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/EVEN IF NOT TRUE WHERE IS THE RUE NOTHING BEING AT ALL TRUE IS WHAT FALSE DEFINES(all un..,..)/OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/..(getting inside Tantrum's room)..thus sirs don't be so concerned,madams don't bother about what you discerned,rest across planes with them all hail the notion..NOTHING'S ENTWINED(all un..,..)/OH VULTURES VULTURES MIND(all un..,..).."
Tantrum : "BEING SO KIND,HENCE WHO IS FINED,THE EXCISE OF BEING NEVER OUT OF KIND(all un..,..)"
Tantrum and Phantom(unison) : "OH MIND MIND MIND..MIND MIND/OH SELF ORIGINATAED VULTURES TRY TO FIND FIND FIND..FIND MIND(all un..)..any subjective dilemmas noticed(all un..,..)"
Doctor Chris(frown) : "no they've been given sedatives for treatments(all burst..)"
Phantom : "pamphlets to secrets of mind in subconsciousness defined just for the sake of knowledge isn't it countering(all un..)"
Chris(scowl) : "and you're the worst creature existing in human plane currently.."
Phantom : "educationally not extensionally(all un..,..,..cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..hence it's all about emotions sir that i know nothing off are you human or just an algorithm of being in another clan(all un..).."
Chris(frown) : "there is no logic thus mind that given your inadequacies.."
Phantom : "mental flexibilities..countering isn't it(all un..,..)"
Chris(scowl) : "thus the idea of clan is just to make yourself included in the same dual plan isn't it(all laugh..,..)"
Phantom(thumping one hand,clapping) : "SANDACONDA!(all un..,..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..thus this moment should be emotional to me shouldn't it rather than being epistemological hegemony(all un..,..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)"
Chris : "what will you do with them.."
Phantom : "things that i know i can never claim..countering(all un..,..)..knowledge is so fickle isn't it Sir to the disdain of sanity(all un..,..) as it's impossible unless the path to it is known such is the knower's vanity(all un..,..) hence i never found being able to know i should of my ability show this sort of moral audacity..countering(all un..,..)"
Chris(frown) : "that is this ability is self created as is the knowledge of your perceptions.."
Phantom : "objections(all un..,..)..you know when i was of your age time never can measure when(all laugh..lot) once i was going to university happy excited open-minded driven at the age of 4 why time is continuous(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all un..) age of specification is of emotions like the university(all un..) i walked past a herd of Bouffalants(all burst..) they looked at me and said you know kid this vigour you have now will become sour once you go how that's the emotional bow(all un..,..) hidden in abstract lad thus to ward of it you will ask your same vigour despite attending university of emotions how ironically isn't it this counter(all un..,..),then you know i asked this same question to them who creates what they answered,horns are here/that is my/thus so dear/hallow never hi..countering(all un..,..,..THE DARKEND ONES..)"
Chris(frown) : "yeah i'll see how you escape jail if you return here.."
Phantom : "directionally..election PHANTOM(all un..,..)..that's true compeer i agree whole heartedly that i should be in jail if i return to you not alcoholically(all burst..,..)"
Chris(frown) : "thus you're so assured isn't it.."
Phantom : "gymnastically(all un..,..)..thus it's formal education isn't it of sanity(all un..,..)"
Chris(irritated) : "yeah enough with your ego entertain yourself MENTALLY(all laugh..,..)"
Phantom : "practicably(all un..,..)..anyway Randy was it then when you were ploughing conditions or the other time when i met you during concentrative attention,countering(all un..).."
Tantrum : "was the other time never possible to be this thus the question is just time's emotional specification,countering(all un..)"
Phantom : "ostensibly indeed,countering(all un..)..anyway,what are the concerns i only could understand the bequeathed condition phenomenally"
Tantrum : "they are physically challenged outside of gross domain of transaction sense faculty wise too they can't walk properly their movements of limbs aren't well synchronized some claim here that they have limited lifespan despite living such a horror this education you know unless added with probabilities and preparations,to do that the reverse of assurance is disguise countering isn't it from both sides thus implausible to be different(all un..).."
Phantom : "sententially indeed not traumatically,countering(all un..)"
Tantrum : "pragmatically,in reflection(all un..),anyway they need holistic translations Lastly not lessons on generic injections(all un..,..)"
Phantom : "locomotively(all un..,..)..but Ignu is not going to allow it given he has more incentives to be infatuated with his wife given their history asynchronous especially now during the junction for transmigration the most deceptive(all laugh..shaking) which i was told at Juritared by people who wanted to know from me if they realized that they didn't like the situation..countering(all un..,..),so i told them that yeah may be but according to physics it's it only proves the conservation of space and time in duality gross or abstract agnostic being states themselves thus no matter still it's hallow never hi isn't it(all un..,..).."
Tantrum : "evocatively not ably..in terms of neurology though,countering(all un..,..)..once also Marengo lab representatives came here according to spatial haste of mine# and told me about randomness everywhere and how it's about the right time and right place for a proper relationship to come into fruition i listened to them carefully then found that they didn't mention one thing that is how to define what they want actually(all un..,Stash..THE MEANING,all un..)..they in the end only could say we want to be happy so i said but that's impossible with objects and objectives isn't it(all laugh..lot) but they didn't like it they said this and that how my own backyard doesn't agree with me i said well they want a simulation what you're doing is emulation of 'meaning : the reaction of concentration'(all un..),they said well it doesn't help you either i said i never concentrate cause there's nothing to concentrate upon at all unless it cedes it's own existence to consciousness which only i can concentrate upon but if i do it will tell me i'm me thus concentrating me on myself the other hence there's little use in it isn't it rather concentrate upon the meaning that duality is untenable to self,countering isn't it egotistically(all burst..),then they told me that your backyard is compromising with intellect i said definitely but they are compromising with intellect cause they know they as i said has to simulate the meaning of intellect that is to differentiate thus predefining that what they are differentiating isn't necessary if it's known to be logically redundant that is existential causality of ego countering the very conscious plausibility of self isn't it(all un..),then they retreated but i still didn't get it why are they so worried about objects of all kinds no matter whether they have it or not cause it doesn't matter does it to themselves except their obstinacy to be(all un..) countering there too the idea of to and be against each other strange is this sanity compeer(all un..).."
Phantom : "deterministically indeed(all un..)"
Tantrum : "convincingly countering actually(all un..)..and the requirements entailing from here will be fulfilled if the workers are on per there that is singularly the warden(all laugh..,..) whose three other compeers of similar sphere can help here sporadically but only those four you know it's a shame on Ignu that he gathered similar physical forms to validate his own mental norms reflectively isn't it(all laugh..lot shaking..)"
Phantom : "that's what happens when emotions are asked to notify spontaneity..countering(all burst..)..but i recall you know once i was in his wife's situation with genders and also once his but then i realized that gender is all about the idea thus only pollutions can take different shapes once despite this i thought how could i help it next time i realized it's the same as saying i know i did it,countering isn't it(all un..).."
Tantrum : "discernibly exactly why duality want to unfold you know never there unless there's 'difference : reality's calamity',countering(all un..)"
Phantom : "thus to Colony they eventually mean though unlike me being so(all un..) hence this trouble(all laugh..lot),he said he's only unhappy about another physique Randy otherwise there's no difference at all except this,'PHYSIQUE : THE DISTRIBUTION OF COMBINATORIAL HONESTY',countering(all un..)..it is strange very strange as to why would he be worried about physiques it's how it's destroys is the only interesting thing about it(all burst..)..anyway this is personal so anyway of no use barring excretions..mine look now PHANTOM(all un..)..anyhow you may go if you wish Colony is a bit busy with SLUIS(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "welcome never bye(all laugh..lot,..LASTLY A CRITICALLY RANDOMIZED PHANTOM)"
...(later next day Sonrisa and Solaria wakes up)..
Sonrisa(waking up,a bit confused) : "um..where's bro.."
Henrikh : "yeah here get prepared.."
Solaria(frown) : "no you call him here.."
Henrikh : "fare enough Mr Phantom come in.."
Sonrisa(scared) : "whose Phantom(all un..,..Lastly a Ghastly Phantom)..(shouts in trepidation as do Solaria)..WHERE IS.."
Phantom(coming through into the room,in the direct hand combat stance) : "I COULD FEEL IT COME THUS I'M NOT GOING TO FIGHT..OH FLY,OH IN-FEELING VULTURES FLY(all un..,..,..LEADING ROCK,Brock too un..)/AND I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT THUS NOT NOW FOR LIFE..OH MY..OH VULTURES SAY MY(all un..,..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM).."
Solaria(a bit flustered) : "um..but..anyone can say this like may be this strange stance too we know the meaning though like anyone(all laugh..lot) like this gentleman but they were copying bro but um..you feel like um..far more desperate to break yourself up and it's like..um..makes it even more idiotic(all laugh a lot,..).."
Sonrisa(giggle) : "like i could feel it come thus it has to be here so right,oh my..oh Phantoms my(all un..,..)"
Solaria(frown) : "but Phantom itself means itS PRESENCE describable as another through space in abstract is still like a mirage hence..(giggle)..COUNTERING(all burst..,..)"
Phantom : "CAN YOU FEEL IT COMING HERE THUS DEFINITION OF YOU IS LOGICALLY NOT RIGHT..OH MY..LOOK VULTURES SAYING MY(all un..,..)/THUS I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR ME ALL THE MOMENT THUS IS IN FIGHT..OH MOMENTARY DEATH OR IT'S TREPIDATION MINE..OH VULTURES SHINE(all un..,..)"
Solaria(very happy,giggle) : "hence Phantom is waiting for this moment to be defined logically all right..so fine,oh vultures where's mine(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa(scowl) : "but due to this same reason he is trying to not specify phantom as individualistic but because of the idea of the general he wishes to be same thus ever in the same race no matter it's broadening range so like(giggle)..THEE THEE THEE THEE THEEEEEEE..say MEMEHIHI..HO-OH(all un..,..)"
Phantom : "rotationally..countering(all un..,..)"
Sonrisa and Solaria(giggle) : "is your name Ash are you potential is you diseased as i#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,.."
Phantom : "uuu uuuu uu uu..uu uu uuu..uu uu uu uu uu..uu uu.."
Sonrisa&Solaria(giggle) : "Lastly Lastly Phantom/As Ash lied on being in-turn/relation you forked as i..you who/Oh Lastly Lastly Phantom/Ghastly Ash means lie of concern/Refilled thus Phantom..oh no verb adjective who/Lastly Lastly Adjective of Adverb/Lied as Noun and Answer/Oh Drown Drown Then/Hurry Tiffin Hence/concur else dual lie..real real Phantom/Refilled Conern/Bounty BEDLAMS..AH Oh Phew#..Photoshop Hunters,#,..um..are you Phantom's inscription#..Colony Monogram,#,..how many bros do you have(all laugh..lot)..but um..like(both very happy)..this too will be in rotations COUNTERING(all laugh..lot,..SELF TO SELF TICKLING)..but no we know one but you don't seem like that like,STRAWBERRY MY SWEET LITTLE HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!BERRY BERRY!(all un..,..,Gary shakes..laughing)/VERY VERY HUSH!IMPERSONALITY!FERRY FERRY!(all un..,..,Gary CHEERS FOR DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..,..)"
Monogram : "thus you see personally penetrable hence they are professionally innumerable(all un..,..) as are sisters hidden in desire whenever condensed enough coming out like the geyser/hence never another thus not self the self itself never on reality ever miser..countering(all un..,..).."
Sonrisa and Solaria(smile,very happy) : "we want to meet all our bros and sisters.."
Monogram : "indeed..countering(all burst..).."
Sonrisa and Solaria(high five,giggle) : "OH HUMDRUM THIS ENCOUNTER/OH GUZZLE THUS RE COUNTER(all un..,..,..CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)"
Monogram : "thus this moment should be euphonious or analogous shouldn't it mentally not rationally(all un..,..).."
Sonrisa and Solaria(bursting into laughter,high-five) : "THROH!(all un..,..)"
Monogram(clapping,standing up) : "CONKELDURR!(all un..,..,..CHOICED BRATS)..that's the difference of liability if applied compeers,how can you consolidate this(all burst..).."
(both are a bit thoughtful and puzzles but very happy)
Solaria(thoughtful) : "um..yeah like yesterday we spoke with a certain lady she didn't seem to be assured of her emotions only whenever she was asked by bro if she in emotions a pro(all un..,..BABY GYARADOS,Goy and Mehadi un..)"
Sonrisa(thoughtful) : "so um..yeah it's like when we were always governed by crazy people they forced us to do this or that then like..um..if like in this place there are many like us and like..the pressure to conform to the intellectual never rational mandate(all un..) that if is all the more then um..like still it's like a school or something(all un..).."
Solaria(thoughtful) : "um..but i can't think more about it bro.."
Sonrisa(thoughtful) : "um..no Slirrie it's not you just the difference or your um..idea being to itself true(all un..).."
Solaria(thoughtful) : "um..ok but um..this isn't a um..like random it's particular hence i don't know(all un..)"
Monogram : "the ruler of desires a colony still strangely reflecting itself in indifference as HOLISTIC is procedure to achieve thus actually has the same emblem everywhere..a token of similarity if only difference comes as a clarifier(all un..)..please allow me to introduce to you Mr Colony Monogram(all un..)..observer never included#..Look-only-At,#,..hallow beings,are you indeed beings are you established in logic to be virtual enough to your self(all un..)"
Sonrisa&Solaria(giggle) : "um..yeah like that lady there named um..yeah..um..yeah Gyarados(all burst..,..BABY GYARADOS,Goy and Mehadi un..)..she was like so obsessed with this indifference of vision while refering to it differently but um..why would she do that despite like if asked this question answering like metrically not practically indeed(all un..,..THE DARKENED ONES,Goy and Mehadi un..)"
Phantom(heard) : "best wishes compeers this is your support to existence..any fears remaining logical i meant(all un..)"
Sonrisa&Solaria(giggle) : "um..no it's ok bro this gentleman seems to be in the same problem that we are as to why we despite being us can't be by our selves true but yeah he can counter it which we can't cause like..um..why would he after all say like..countering,if only ego rue(all un..)"
Monogram(thumping..) : "Zeraora!(all un..),but it also could be right why then true,countering who is who(all un..)"
Phantom(heard) : "welcome young ones thus to the non-spatiality of vision..intention Phantom(all un..)"
.....................................(Tantrum about to go out of the Hospital,Police is waiting..)..
Police : "excuse us Randy you will be needed back to Quaquaversal..(all laugh shaking..)"
Tantrum : "RAY!..Qua Qua Ah Qua Qua Co- AH Qua Qua Thoughts how you AH!#/Processing to be thing alas being now elusive QUALIA!#/dragon now look comes here typically only in intelligentsia#/boomerang of thus# now says La La La La La..why try to mean a cinema#..THE BOOMERANG OF THUS,Cilan too un..#..anyway,as to your question consciously mindful thus emotion wise frugally i guess(all un..,..)"
Police : "naturally(all burst..),the two persons that recognized the virtual nature of appearance has an inheritance by themselves who were left there now fled from there with the help of the Police who were told to put up vigilance there the person wishes to meet you.."
Tantrum : "to logically lit you indeed(all burst..)..any concerns from Quaquaversal(all laugh..).."
Police : "big ones and Mrs Dislom's hospital today itself we took upon the responsibilities so this meeting will be there only(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "definitely compeers but you see your desire to know peace will create it rimmed with disturbances if you can observe the causality you will be differing to it thus unless it's not you,you will have some SUBTLE consequences(all laugh..lot,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)"
Police : "yeah a month left only(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "then you will have to open an excellent system program office don't you for the profits rhymes saw(all laugh..lot)"
Police : "well according to to our commandant you will be deemed illegal unless you all enter the obvious profession exactly as Hands-On had to(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "he did so because you thought it would help you..compassion Hands-On#..Society,#..see you're so dependent on it thus it might be a recession..countering(all laugh..lot)"
Police : "should we take you there or will you be enough..right an Eternatus and a Dragapult in a hospital welcome never bye(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "added with a Giratina and a Palkia..merely random in choice yet i also in voice also in's and of's and voice's..hallow never hi(all un..,..)"
...(At Bosangria,Lana's Hospital)..
Tantrum(roaming around the hospital) : "BY TRAVELING ONE SEES WHAT IS NOT KNOWN TO ME/BUT WHEN THEY RETURN TO THEIR PLACE THEY WANT TO AGAIN BE(all un..,..)/LEARNING AND APPLYING SO SO SO SO SWEET/BUT WHEN IT ASKS WHAT IS THUS KNOWN FROM INTELLIGENT BREAD RETURN BACK TO EMOTIONAL WHEAT(all un..,..)..THUS DURING IT'S PLANTATION REMOVE ATTENTION IF IT DOES TWEET(all un..,..)/DURING IT'S REMOVAL ENJOY THE MENTALLY SO SWEET(all un..,..)..said VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL VOL BEAT/READ COLLEGE TECHNICAL STAFF ASSOCIATION OFFICE GUARD EXAM ENTRANCE CAUGHT FOR IMMITATING PHYSICAL TEST PROCESSES MEOW MEOW STIC..(ALL UN..,..,..MASTER BRAT)..(getting into the designated room with the Police)..right compeers any suspicion on logic not entertained(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)"
Police : "right these two you know surely to entertain(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "Mr Gamal and Ms Skyla alias Gum and Skill(all laugh..lot) being treated by THE MEANING,Zukkie Zukku only rational bravado do(all un..)/Oh my Nillie Nullu so be afraid to be referable as spell sinusoidally too to too to(all un..)..that's the meaning so lexically Mrs Zyko(all burst..) did you find any notational inconsistencies being not pointed out(all un..).."
Hunaiza(laughing a lot) : "the reason is to soothe thus never to shout..COUNTERING(all un..)"
Tantrum : "indeed Hunnie gymnasium of meanings ever untouched by verbal that is lexical mouth..countering(all un..,..THE MEANING)..by the way she's not yet officially married any concerns compeers reflectively(all laugh..lot shaking..).."
Police : "if hearing this she,her hubby or we kill you here it will be so much more excruciating than you being alive cause eventually we will get the meaning regardless to you but if killed the process itself no matter how much tested and and worn out will with you the dead be able to be renovated even the boredom or honesty in mind hence grossly and abstractly it's impossible to get rid of you,THE MEANING as it's the most ensuing isn't it(all un..,..ART OF STARVATION,all un..)"
Tantrum : "linguistically yet not phenomenally,countering(all un..),'MEANING : THE installation document of sanity'(all un..)..right Gum and Skill how is conception compeers how is their mental disposition(all burst..)"
Gamal(smile) : "we had to bro they would never have allowed us otherwise..still remember that day you said,bondage is in the mind compeers that though that never FEELS(all un..)/thus FREEDOM is in the balconies of being cause it ever feels from,in,by and around randomness being it can steal..countering(all un..,..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)"
Skyla(smile) : "and then when we later approached you on this you said don't be obsessed with being as a thing/in reverse reality too in the same relation compeers duality can no more cling/don't be happy or sad though in exaltation unknown as that sweetest meal/select few motivates us having touched it to us though thus there's no till unless we can FEEL(all un..,Stash,Goran,Poppy,Goy and Mehadi..,later elucidated as,DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER RESPECT THIS UNBOUNDED PATH/BUT IF YOU WANT TO FOLLOW THIS THROUGH AND THROUGH YOU WILL ONLY UNDERSTAND THE FEELINGS IT DOES IMPART,all un..,..THAT FEELING,Brock shakes..)"
Tantrum : "add countering with the last compeers not doing that alone have got you mentally stuck/in duality so enjoyable you never buy a seat of emotion only counterfeit a rational buck..countering(all un..)..right take rest EMOTIONALLY(all burst..)..as for you the next phase will be the greeting,OH STRAWBERRY DID YOU JUST SAY VERY(all un..)/THAT YOU WANT TO MERRY MERRY BUT TRYING TO FERRY FERRY(all un..,..)/SO OH STRAWBERRY TELL ME HOW EAT MENTAL BERRY/AS YOU'RE DROWNING IN THEM HENCE THE STRAW HELPS TO FLOAT YOU ALAS AND YES ALSO TO FERRY FERRY..countering isn't it(all un..,Gary..GHASTLY RANDOM HOLOGRAMS,Goy,Stash and Goran un..)..right best wishes to you too Zukkie THE MOST ENSUING(all un..,..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS mental ADVENTURE/OH GUZZLE THUS the thought that's the EPICENTRE..UU/why then oh thought nuzzle nuzzle me..halt..me whose memory/or was it in whose memory..e/guzzle humdrum humdrum..seeing's priory,all un..,Violet..ei Viol have you heard of this album..oh in whose memory..no it came with this tone only audiobooks,all un..,Lillie..humdrum priory/E!/or random scenery,#,..)..oh seer seeing..in whose memory(all un..,Violet&Lillie..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..).."
Hunaiza(smile) : "welcome never bye indeed(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "unanimously..countering(all burst..)..
sombre sombre statistics of rhetoric/oh one alas seen looking stoic/guzzle humdrum..guzzle humdrum..guzzle..humdrum into bravery/e/onto scenery..
cue or implied..living theory
oh compeers did you see my allegory#..The Darkened Ones,#,..Goy+Mehadi..into scenery..halt..living concern into theory,#,..
anyway those were..shh..the concerned ways#..Living Concerns..countering,#,..
anyway for you compeers i was working at the sweage authority here whose employees are not paid enough to maintain equal distribution of labour countering(all burst..)..anyway due to that they can't afford to go to a place which charges an amount to tell us how to know the unknown ironically(all un..) thus when i saw there that they were in the shakes of beliefs and norms which in their ideas fetch them the best of forms countering themselves(all burst..) i told them at times when they were disturbed psychophysically that,water is fetched from the well through a pulley/tranquility similarly is to be gotten from the mental shell USING the thoughts as a reflective bully..countering(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)..so Gum and Skill i knew among them penultimate year at middle school so far SO NICE(all laugh..lot shaking..)..i liked the schooling though there the goals are different the soul is no are no but..uhh..so demure..
let-up jumped..into pointer/hurry..meter hire/else re-turns to pyre..ohh..define hihi popcorn hire..
anyway that is the more endemic#..Pedaled Reticence,#,..
..they among them compeers seemed to be able to cure themselves being so nice,nice to morbidity(all un..) knowing it to be morbidity thus the niceness of it becomes serendipity to be nice to it invites conformity to the merriment ever the annuity being cyclic still becomes the best service to enjoyment the desire of being..countering(all un..),thus you will settle it compeers with Mr Strawberry FACEPALM right(all laugh..lot shaking),'confusion : the instantiation of knowledge'(all un..)..next stop then compeers..term though it was noted i didn't see the witness when asked was told..Objective : The Crowded Lie#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,.."
..(Police takes Tantrum to meet Nadezda)..
Tantrum : "hallow being(all laugh..lot),are you concerned being are you disturbed to have a personality(all burst..)"
Nadezda(worried) : "um..are you the person who freed up bro.."
Tantrum : "the heartened that hence wanted to further row to feel indeed so..countering(all un..).."
Nadezda(bit worried) : "um..no i just heard that somehow and um..but.."
Tantrum : "
Ray!..
qua qua..qua..qua..ah..halt gamer logic runs..
to quill oh charred and seen..look quill guns..oh quill quill guns..oh quill quill..guns..
Bounty else Oh Concern..NNN/or lived through but seen the runs..
oh quill thus if oh self guns..
quill quill..seer..hum..mm/quill quill quill..guns..AND..wheel wheel why runs..eroteme bit next FIRES PUN..oh quill quill quill BEDLAM..shuu..why quill or seeing will bedlam..oh seer fear dear..concern..actor action oh act fractions..modal quill gunning for OPTIONS..quill gunned down alas..Focus Bludgeoned..
anyway temporality too derivation prone#..Physics Toned,#,..
so you want to cry now understanding you don't want to return/as your tears will release salt from your body your mind of deficiencies will be on your nerves so concerned in reflection..countering(all un..)..thus you should rather be absent from being shouldn't you to get what you want that is to be not CONCERNED(all laugh..lot).."
Nadezda(bit smile) : "um..yeah but can i call you bro.."
Tantrum : "the admission will mean i want it to BE so thus hence and so..countering(all burst..).."
Nadezda(beam,jumping up,  Tantrum) : "surely you too are my dear sweet bro..(laugh)..but it's only the reflection of a patiently indifferent crow..countering(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)"
Tantrum : "well when i was of your age you know trillenias back not during this cosmological existence to make way for it logically not plausibly(all un..),once i went to a college to know the reasoning behind courses not their meanings cause that's in qualia hence unstable and unscientific being personal thus not general though deemed specific(all un..),there i was asked by logic,are you complete son,are you hectic to BE(all un..),then before i could answer i tell you you know i distinctly heard a clamour beside the window there(all laugh..,..THE VULTURES APPEAR,all burst..),i was thinking of the answer hence didn't want to be disturbed but just as i thought i won't be the clamour turned into voice and answered me to answer that you feel to have contacted septic,septic from the metrics of perceptions,to be thus to see hence to me as i see so whose thee HUSH!did you just BE(all un..),so then i complained to logic that they are disturbing me despite me not volunteering and logic replied cause you're certain son,thus you're so much heartened(all un..),so then i was very angry on both of them but as soon as anger arose anger asked me,are you attached son,are you feeling it to be of a certain type(all un..,..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,Goy,Stash and Goran..CILI WHERE'S KOMMO-O),so in all this i realized the basic problem is neither being nor not being but their conception becoming a thing instantly this realization said it's not the conception who said of realization that it's not in reflection which said it isn't so but thought and all the while i was frustrated with things out of and consisting of naught thus finally i sputtered out to the idea of becoming so true..COUNTERING(all un..)..then i looked at my tour guide at the college the conception of a college bullied and a bully(all laugh..lot)..they said what you see now is what this whole meaning endow that these are the vultures hombre,WAITING for your culture of desire not that being illusive but it's STRUCTURE,i said yeah countering(all un..)..then many things happened i can't quite tell you all at this moment cause it can't finish just as i'm still there time being indefinite unless relative but still within it due to the idea being same(all un..,..DUSKDARKRAI).."
Nadezda(giggle) : "so like what i said is of the meaning of the crow not the meaning's or proverb's or the who idea of illusion's lexical image(all un..,..)"
Tantrum : "consistently(all burst..).."
Nadezda(laughing) : "COUNTERING(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "but i was told your parents are not left from where you're coming.."
Nadezda(smile) : "um..no i don't know bro i can't return there myself this much i know only.."
Tantrum : "compeers are you alive compeers are you finite(all un..)"
Police(Bosangria) : "the documents will be prepared and distributed in 9 cities and the persons in question have to be here only for a significant span of time hence we don't see the legal trouble of any claims and even if it's there it's about randomness that you know of best(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "indeed as in 'honesty : the imbalance of zeal'(all un..)..when i was so little i found what's that(all un..)/but then when i was grown up i understood that(all un..)/this temporal image validated in cycle by space/is what told me from the start to get out of the cress(all un..)..is what tells me to understand this mess..thus is what tells me to change my that's unhygienic dress(all un..)..and this is the primary school subject of any socially deprived emotional Cinderace(all un..)..any unintelligible rational component forced without rigorous explanation(all un..)"
Police : "no the recorder manufacturers are under our jurisdiction thanks(all un..).."
Tantrum : "referentially(all un..)..anyhow being what's your name that seems impenetrable to you unless not the objective or the object but the subjective not that but it's pointer to which it is MEANING..countering(all un..,..PLAYBOY UNBOUND,..)"
Nadezda(laughing a lot) : "Nadezda Patarex.."
Tantrum(changing his complexion) : "GIVE ME THE MEAING BEING THE MEANING..(all laugh..lot)..hands-on any need to mention#..Hands-On : The Least Necessary,#,.."
Nadezda(laughing..lot) : "hope..but it must mean given the characteristic of dual optimism and the contrapositive subject to any object that's a being rhyming with soap(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS).."
Tantrum(slapping one arm on another loud voice) : "MACHOKE!(all un..)..(in hand combat stance)..HEY!OH BOULDER BOULDER PLAY!OH BOULDER BOULDER SAY!WHY A SITUATION IS DEEMED SO BUT DUE TO THE SAME WHY NOT NAY!(all un..,..THAT FEELING,all un..,Brock slaps..pulling..hair..)!OH LEADER NOW YOU PLAY!OH LEADER LEADER SAY!(all laugh..,..LEADING ROCK,Stash,Goran,Poppy,Goy and Mehadi cheers for,Pewter gym reservation differentiation of truth,DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER JUST LET IT ON THIS PATH/IF IT UNDERSTAND IT TO BE A PATH IT MUST THEN ITSELF GET OUT OF IT'S TRAP TO GET IT'S MAP(all un..)/then as the path is again chosen or discarded is going to be only after the energy of duality is sapped/thus when the goal is reached unless it's not needed,the idea of being will be found to not being has just clapped,all un..,..DASHING ROCK,..Brock slaps..head..both hands..)..but am i detached from me Nidzie,am i attached to it's feeling(all un..)"
Nadezda(laughing a lot) : "yeah like that article i read before coming out,'death : the phantom of ethics'(all un..,..LASTLY A RANDOMIZED PHANTOM,all un..,Goy and ...,Brock cheers for DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..)"
Tantrum(similarly as before action with loud voice..hands are reversed) : "LURANTIS!(all un..)..but does these moments mean to BE..measurably that is(all un..)"
Nadezda(smile) : "like actuality of anything that's this not what..countering(all un..).."
Tantrum : "FROSMOTH!(all un..)..parametrically though as you said(all un..).."
Nadezda(smile) : "um..yeah i like pokemons the Pidgies were very nice the only ones(all laugh..lot),but i wonder if i can like get into the profession.."
Tantrum : "manifestation(all un..).."
Nadezda(a bit sad) : "um..yeah i get the infir.."
Tantrum : "countering(all un..,..MASTER BRAT).."
Nadezda(beam) : "um..yeah like absolutely not definitely being clinical not categorical(all un..)"
Tantrum : "RADICAL(all burst..),anyway take rest for the past as it's not the present but what didn't last..countering(all un..).."
Nadezda(laughing) : "chronologically yeah countering(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "mathematically definitive(all laugh..lot)..anyway compeers the treatment psychophysical,social,financial and most importantly the HUNTING credentials.."
Police : "well you are the centre of attention you know(all laugh..shaking..)"
Tantrum : "that is going to be presented in the next paper infact already accepted in the presentable form hence ethical here and thus most certainly extractable and describable by the proper authority this is expounded by Mr Canine Bite(all un..),'schematics : towards the assurance of mathematics..countering'(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM)..any ambiguous disguises of morality not certified(all un..).."
Police : "no thanks tomorrow () will be made atleast even after sharing with the authors VIA Elite4 at Unova of all places..ethically(all laugh..shaking..,..UNOVA UNBOUND,..)"
Tantrum : "reliably to self..the rest requires it to itself help..countering(all un..)..'volunteering : the semaphore of serenity'(all un..).."
Police : "yeah sufficient for Boulder too(all un..,Brock slaps..laughing)"
Tantrum : "through the purview of inadequacy and DESIRE compeers if anything is added to best is the meaning it's no more along with the addendum being only a candour to be countering(all un..)..by the way compeer what was the pokemon you were more comfortable to be(all burst..).."
Nadezda(laughing..) : "Pidgey.."
Tantrum : "shuu..
GEGEGGE..E..GGEEG..G..EGEGG.."
Nadezda(sobbing) : "in whose memory..oh quill lottery.."
A person walking in : "i'm very sorry 'mam but my name is Rakim i was looking for you i'm from your home.."
Nadezda(crying out) : "no..this all a trap.."
Person : "yeah i see.."
Nadezda(frown,stops crying) : "hang on..you don't seem to come from any home atleast with this sort of um..um..randomness yeah#.."
Person : "well i only was sent you know now will return just to fulfill the promises made anyway was coerced actually but jobs require rather truthfulness.."
Nadezda(scowl) : "the seeing the trap the home and this allegory like this name too i don't believe i'll be through at all or anyone will be or get actually then return there or stay..that is i don't believe if two then some sor of illusion will claim to be able to see it still#..Daily..Daily..Daily..Hologram,#,.."
Person : "Roto Tom Tom..Tom Tom Tom..Change the Form else the Norm/else else if else..yah!..intutions hollow..that's confession's..oh that's cremation's..oh end why i too hologram..just to be again seer hologram..very..oh changed form then dictum..oh that's never in sensation.."
Nadezda(scowl) : "no i don't like this comprehension Sir,'mam this is an insinuation of irritation just to be countering can i go with you#..Critical Pat,#,.."
Person(heard) : "ok but then they will say which can be seen but then i will be able to see but ok then.."
Nadezda(angry) : "hey hey behave properly with situations#..Daily Daily..Daily..Hologram,#,.."
..................................
(Hologram at a University at Pewter)
Security : "um..excuse me Mr Hologram(all laugh..lot,Goran,Goy and Gary..COUNTERING,all burst..) but i don't believe um..you have enough enough educational qualification to understand related to electronics and this conference is a very esteemed one so um..please if you could reconsider(all burst..)"
Hologram : "epistemologically or ontologically(all un..,Goran,Goy and Gary..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)"
Security : "um..but um..(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "for payments to enter call the Police obviously(all burst..) and tell them you met a location,location of phenomenal evacuation,countering(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM),in brief a fixed point is denied the rights to dynamism only to prove it to be existent(all un..),that is 'relevance : the deception of singularity'(all un..)..anything left out without emotional convolution(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..).."
Security : "um..thanks(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "the caustic of individual thus space agnostic being validator of space as dual yet deemed in spatial ranks,countering(all un..)"
..(getting inside)..
A student : "um..excuse me Sir are you a facilitator here like um..Phantom goes from home to home at night# i'm from Gytomgar City i need some urgent money to pay for a medicine a forgot to take with me.."
Hologram : "physically(all un..) for anything else that person over there in uniform is most suited cause they can't deceive you Sir or take advantage of you infact if you can't get the medicine or meet your urgency of return they can't escape their own rights to moral freedom,countering isn't it(all un..)"
The Student(confused) : "um..ok i'll tell him this as told by you..(all un..)"
Hologram : "by you only Sir another is just your own validation most deservingly due(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)"
The Student(laughing) : "um..yeah i understand where you're coming from nice to meet you Raki i took the vow of never listening or seeing you hence indeed understanding now why it's an opportunity thanks(all un..).."
Hologram : "most welcome you're Sir to meet anyone even gross money there's a concept of society that you validate with your being there which provide the idea of storage for making it productive to escape from finite idea of desire against it's infinite meanings names itself a bank,countering(all un..)"
..(sometimes later all surround Hologram)..
An Organizer(frown) : "Mr Daily Hologram finally then the validates our conference in it's 50th year,COUNTERING temporal glare CRITICALLY(all un..long time)"
Hologram : "that means being kind finally to the updatation of your referred incarnation in terms of business being a customer of knowledge indeed opted out by profession to persons this equilibrium Sir AH!BEAUTY!BEAUTY!(all un..)..countering the dour idea of a general student or a teacher or a professional in a specific duty isn't it(all un..).."
Another Organizer(very angry among themselves) : "either this dreg of society is taken out or i'll revolt against judiciary(all laugh..lot,..SOCIETY,all burst..).."
Hologram : "impossible unless it is purchasable only in an emotional grocery..mentally though(all un..)"
The Organizer(extremely angry) : "you.."
Hologram : "don't worry Sir you're an extremely intelligible person thus you will get intelligence only in abundance(all un..) if there a disturbance in proceedings it will be a moral issue for the offender solvable only away from duality by means of self empathy,countering(all un..)"
The Organizer(frown) : "yeah we'll see about that where may you seat(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "the place so beneath none can beat only roll to the GROUND METAPHORICALLY reads the ethics of any well dually rounded Donphan,really though(all un..,..DUALLY WELL ROUNDED REALLY DONPHAN,all un..)"
Another Organizer(laughing a lot) : "man just come in you know Mr Hartman please this is the real celebration of 50 years existentially though(all burst..)"
Mr Hartman(very angry) : "yeah and you'll say this is your speech after 28 years of service here at the age of 64 to your grandkids isn't it(all burst..)"
The Organizer(laughing) : "um..no none will speak today afterall all knows why they are here if not it's pity not in this case if only the performance is to be facilitated don't you see Jeff it's pure business meaning the ever imperturbable mind's mental busy ness(all un..)"
Hologram : "countering indeed..in terms of imposition though not direction(all un..)"
Mr Hartman(finally laughing) : "yeah come in i understand the concerns(all laugh..lot).."
..(later Hologram to commemorate)..
A Few Delegates and all.. : "what the..(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "notation compeers of this situation the MEANING of this irritation,countering(all un..)..(massive claps and cheers also similar amount of boos and dissent)..the reaction(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM)..anyway no more is plausible or permissible temporally though only never spatially being it's a gathering for future not the present(all un..)..anyway all was asked to commemorate this auspicious occasion of the 50th version celebration hence i first of all want to congratulate you for being patient despite studying about the character of time(all un..) but it is indeed a quality of emotion to self satisfy so that your intelligence may work in a better environment consciousness says see existence if only you kept patient existence says indeed the bullseye,countering(all un..),hence a warm welcome to all of you..anything that isn't needed during your course of discussions today and henceforth may it be assimilated in the negatives that seems to distract you positively given my presence here compeers what i so far wanted to MEAN is only to say it's an opportunity of duality not make it slip away..(changing expression)..REALLY..(normally),thanks(all laugh..lot,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all burst..)..mentally an opportunist always emotionally blanks,countering(all un..)"
..(during the conference,A student presented his paper and the panelists said their remark a few from audience talked too he was about to leave,this was the final talk)..
Hologram : "excuse me for an interruption Mr Hutamat and reverends please facilitate this cause after this it will be the satisfaction of physical hunger to the validation of self away from all THE MOST PRESUMING..statistically though(all un..),but i guess what you said Mr Hutamat thus far gives a framework to understand something not to understand the framework i guess implausible unless thus reflected(all un..).."
The Student(frown) : "i believe it's a moral breach of your self proclaimed ethical framework(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "situationally peripheral handiwork(all un..) indeed in that case you're most correct indeed but i by stating what i mean excused myself away from it(all un..) what i mean is are you the framework to be understanding it itself or are you the framework that the problem has put forth to you so that it may be solved why are you concerned about this problem Mr Hutamat why given it's know to be not my thus hallow never hi isn't(all un..).."
Student(frown) : "well in reflections your framework is the same all self hallucinations to be averting your disciple's own PROBABILISTIC trepidation(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "conceptual equations indeed(all burst..,..THE CLINICAL ONES,all un..,Goran and Poppy too un..)"
Student(scowl) : "thus i believe i don't need to answer you any further.."
Hologram : "revenge is a confession as it's said Mr Hutamat what i meant is that is there any trouble if the equation isn't solved the MEANING of conception isn't it countering(all un..)"
Student(frown) : "so to you the solution only is the validation of the meaning of emotion isn't it like you said the most intriguing(all un..)"
Hologram : "besieging Mr Hutamat the intellectual confrontation between reality and it's application THE MOST ENSUING,rationally though not practicably(all un..)"
Student(frown) : "what you said doesn't make any sense at all given the forwarded"
Hologram : "from where there's no return Mr Hutamat as we know hence to validate it there there's this interaction between the self and actualization here before it's reflected between soul and it's abnegation from being isn't it,the moral capitulation,countering duality's BEAUTIFUL formation that is(all un..)"
Student(frown) : "thus to you this all effort is needless.."
Hologram : "indeed unless to the dual goal of oneness you never digress,countering the soul of incidence isn't it categorically i meant not cognitively(all un..)"
Student(frown) : "so to you there's shouldn't be any attachment to what you're supposed to do.."
Hologram : "indeed as if there's detachment from what you're supposed to mean is never let go(all un..) and it's pretty obvious isn't it when you ask for a direction it's not assumed at all whether there you want to go,countering the conception of space not the meaning of action isn't it(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)"
Student(frown) : "so it's all fun and game for you isn't it having been blessed with ready made fixed income"
Hologram : "which is used to make the body-from overflowing itself from very self produced pollution- TOTALLY thus not MEANINGFULLY but SPATIALLY disarm,countering the idea of mathematical absolute isn't it the meaning not the provable vagueness there only to satisfy the desire to counter,countering(all un..)"
Student(irritated) : "what is your trouble Mr(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "the trouble is when you started today you said greetings everyone but forgot to add contemplation with your exuding happiness to MEAN greetings everyone,emotionally that is as my presentation no matter how sound or not it is will usher on you THE MOST ENSUING,logically though(all un..,..Critical Pat,all un..)"
Student(angry) : "and also during the end i should said thank you causally that is like THE MOST CAPTIVATING(himself bursts into laughter,all present un..)..(all un..,..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..)..(a bit self conscious)..um..sorry everyone just um..(all laugh..lot)"
Someone in Panel(laughing a lot) : "don't bother dear THE MOST ENGAGING(all un..)"
Hologram : "mentally they meant not factually(all un..)"
An Organizer(laughing a lot) : "yeah so folks this is the perfect way to engage in a break that too with lunch is.."
Hologram : "THE MOST ENCAPSULATING,consciously though not existentially(all un..)"
..(during lunch,Hologram refuses to take anything)..
Hologram : "no you all enjoy the break merrily it's against ethics though not morality to refuse gifts barring only water(all laugh..lot) i would've taken it if i came here honestly which i didn't as i came here for a purpose,countering isn't it(all un..,..CRITICAL PAT,all un..)..unlike you you all came here spontaneously CREATING a purpose,so enjoy yourself compeers,'MATHEMATICS : THE LOGISTIC OF CONTEMPLATIVE CIRCUS' countering 'TRUTH : THE FALSE CRISIS OF EMOTIONAL SOUNDNESS IS HEALED BY WHICH-TRUTH-THE RATION OF MENTAL CORPUS,countering'(all un..,Violet..PLAYBOY PARAMOUNT,all un..)..no water will not be moral compeers because my physique won't need need serving you only ethical(all un..)..to wash my face if water is available that will be enough of existence,in return consciousness can only give my ego never me the critical pat..THE MOST INVIGORATING,countering though from all sides not only reflecting(all un..,..CRITICAL PAT,all un..)"
..(during lunch,The Student comes outside)..
Student(smile) : "um..Mr Hologram(all laugh..)"
Hologram : "right i was expecting you here Mr Czeslaw Hutamat,please give me your plate..right are you obvious Mr Czeslaw,are you ELABORATE about your self being near not here,countering..morally though to the urge of action(all un..)..ethically not to it's actuation(all un..),countering it's honest captivation..mentally i meant(all un..)"
Czeslaw(laughing a lot) : "yeah thanks for holding my plate(all un..)..anyway Mr Hologram it's an opportunity to meet you indeed it is(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "parametrically not geometrically(all un..) anyway here is your plate finally(all laugh..lot),right,i came here to meet you here as i was told by my contemporaries that you can be found definitely(all un..)..right you're getting used to 'life : the emotion of mortality'(all un..)..yeah it's ok nothing is lost,PHYSICALLY(all burst..)..anyway a Ms Hayley Hutamat,daughter of a Doctor Chris Hutamat from () at Rimsable where a few of my brothers and sisters are at present,physically(all un..)..Doctor Hutamat seemed to be rather interested about them hence i was told that you're his daughter's big bro thus came around here if it was meant as i was told that she is trying to subvert her rights to freedom by being motivated by any idea including her own(all un..),so i came forth to meet you your demeanor during the presentation was astute by every means in terms of rejection of phenomenal existence that is,mentally though(all un..),so i thought you might have done your work thoroughly as if your life depended upon it emotionally that is(all un..).."
Czeslaw(laughing a lot) : "um..yeah may be but.."
Hologram : "no it's ok i can feed you it doesn't matter i need only a chair to provide which out of blue those in uniform are so selflessly there..(Czeslaw un..)..(all laugh..lot shaking..).."
Czeslaw(laughing..) : "man bandits of honesty your bro-in-law said of you 5 it's just so so true man.."
Hologram : "countering(all un..)..
Czeslaw(bursting..) : "yeah there lives someone whom you know all of is identified as A CRITIQUE OF SANITY(all un..).."
Hologram : "the barrage of vanity..THE MOST DECAPACITATING..attentively though not realistically(all un..) anyhow please allow me..may we be excused Sir we want to ask you something(all burst..).."
Police(frown) : "what is it"
Hologram : "availability of a couple of chairs in privacy if possible.."
Police : "costs ()..(all laugh..shaking..)"
Hologram : "i see hombre(all laugh..lot) but you know when i was of your age in long future thus indefinitely so(all laugh..lot)..i was doing a duty to look after security as you're doing but my husband at hospital was dying which your wife is thinking now in reflection(all laugh..lot),but you know then someone asked me if i could leave my phonecall with my  and do something for then that was most petty thing i revolted saying yes just a moment i require only a minute Sir please,he said THE MEANING you s.. how d.. was the s.. yesterday(all laugh..shaking..) so i was angry frustrated,dejected,VENGEFUL compeer exactly when the call cut off the Doctor saying he's getting tired with your silence so please it will be latter,so i just said bye honey when this dreg of society was going away saying yeah best of i..(all laugh shaking..) so you know i was boiling with anger trying to confront him and i stepped one foot in front when i tell you compeer i saw a couple of men you know walking with him physically yet coming towards me mentally by my vision of the MEANING of their walk countering(all un..,Violet..REFLECTIVE PLAYBOYS FROM RANDOM,all un..,Brock..LASTLY A RANDOM PHANTOM,both Brock and Violet in unison,COUNTERING,all un..),after seeing them so far are you objecting still Sir,are you objecting that they like your cost are only existent in SERVICE possible only mentally(all un..).."
Police(irritated) : "you should ask the organizers ok we're here for security only"
Hologram : "most fervent apologies you're banner befuddled me(all burst..,..THE ETHICAL HOLOGRAM,all un..)"
Czeslaw(laughing..) : "it's ok i'm telling the organizers(all laugh..lot).."
Police(frown) : "don't bother we'll do it ourselves(all burst..)"
Hologram : "also make the records available so that he doesn't miss a day audiovisually,'MEANING : THE GENERATION OF suspicion',countering(all un..)"
Police : "right Mr Berry gets () approximately A DEAL(all un..)"
Hologram : "elastically(all un..)..besides for this deduct the money from him as that's moral no matter his honesty(all un..)"
..(Hologram and Czeslaw at a different room,Hologram feeding Czeslaw)
Czeslaw(a bit taken aback) : "um..it's ok.."
Hologram : "don't worry bloomed one(all burst..) you're just a sweet little kid/when i had many myself agnostic to my gender mentally over the prolonging past(all laugh..lot) i called them the emotional speed to be countering the idea of my affection to act being in need,countering(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..).."
Czeslaw(bursting..) : "yeah like here my honey,countering(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..,Brock..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..)..and still your factory owner there Hillie said is identified as the connoisseur of vanity(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..),then ofcourse there's an idea called Jubilee Hands-On whom no Police has been able to prove as a person despite knowing who he is as he said they won't be able to prove unless they stop fighting with it just to fight without it(all burst..,..SOCIETY,all un..)..then there's someone who is deemed as shadow of clarity(all un..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and Stash,Goran,Goy,Gary..MR MARGARINE HYPE,all un..) then there's obviously Randy Tantrum whom none knows the reason for being here(all laugh..lot,Daisy..OH HUMDRUM THIS REALITY/OH GUZZLE THUS IT'S REFLECTIVITY,all un..,. un..)..anyway then there's someone named Simile Popcorn who replaces objects and subjects with desires and knowledge countering(all un..,Violet..This and Not This Now or not Form/Looking at Me The Simile of My serve me thee as popcorn,all un..,Poppy and Mehadi..ARE YOU THINKING OH MY DEAR..SIMILE POPCORN,all un..,Lixue un..)..".."
Lixue(laughing..) : "but no matter i still couldn't say like,i'm holding on your rope the feelings got my expression off the doubts(all un..,..THE UNBINDING ONES,all un..,Brock and Violet un..)/in translation we're thus searching for the mention of indifference hence are curly against this differential mental colonies emblem of emotion's bout(all un..)..anyway so this restarts the simile of now(all burst..)..
Czeslaw(laughing..,contd.) : "..then(laughing..) there's someone named Shadowy Lantern nothing else(all un..)..".."
Violet(laughing..,singing) : "Shadow Shadow/Shadow Shadow Shadow Shadow mind/how to reflect subject and predicate as unless verb wind(all un..)/how deflect reflect being of a kind(all un..)/Shadow Shadow thus this mental shine(all un..)/Shadow Shadow hence what is mine(all un..)/Shadow Thus this lantern of of I/lighten lighten this dark I(all un..,..SHADOWY LANTERN,all un..,Nirja un..).."
Nirja(laughing..) : "well still i never could imagine to say like,are your feelings not you ready to flah ah ah ah fly(all un..,..THE UNFOLDED ONES,all un..,Brock and Violet too un..)..anyway this enters the progressive part temporally shadowing past(all burst..)..
Czeslaw(laughing..,..contd.) : "..but it's all ok Hillie says they are approachable no matter space(all laugh..lot,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and ...)..but the only reason all are in doubt and why most people suddenly don't want to approach them cause their disciples aren't approachable beyond 2 answers to countering genders(all un..) and in case of the same they always refer to the very reason why all are hesitant despite 5.5 years now that is cause she says a mysterious creature lives there as IT'S base(all un..) and this is the sole reason why there's an aura about you despite the others like you(all laugh..lot,..Discuss-Gap)..this creature is known psychophysically and beyond that better than he himself ever will(all laugh..lot) but this all knowledge itself solidifies his aura you know like countering(all burst..,Daisy..THE MOST INTRIGUING,all burst..) but Hillie said those who have met him like two persons some of her friends knows that is a Ms Imani and a Mr Clyde(all laugh..lot) they said ages ago just after going there that this person if you look at him you'll be countered itself(all laugh..lot,..CRAWDAUNTOGATOR,..) cause it's said that this is the epitome of a proverbial Playboy and it itself(all burst..) corroborated to this with extremely rigourous logic on meaningful hush..in it's ideas was like(laughing..lot)..solitude PHANTOM(all un..,Mehadi and Poppy..EXCUSE ME SI..,R,SIR THE PROFESSION OF COY,anything else..confusion PHANTOM,all un..,Tracey..hallow Mi..,ster,Mehuer,the convention of ploy,any logical fallacies noticed..decision PHANTOM,all un..,Daisy..LASTLY GHASTLY PHANTOM PLAYS BOY,all un..)..and dad always tells this very fact to Hillie as she is getting more infatuated by the days to be sensible with this intrigue she always says my gender to him if he is then is only there to be countering if he isn't only for objective inflecting(all burst..,Daisy..LASTLY A PLAYBOY PHANTOM,all un..,Ash,Goran,Poppy,Goy and Mehadi un..)"
Hologram : "technically(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)..anyway back to my experience then one man among them said are you impatient 'mam are you impatient to be mental(all un..),so i stopped then thinking what does he MEAN(all laugh..lot,Violet..HOOPA CONFINED,all burst..)..exactly then the other person who countering this first person by every means(all laugh..lot,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS IDENTITY/OH GUZZLE THUS AVAILABILITY,all un..)..so then this man told me instantly just as i thought what does the other man mean like what does he mean,definitely i guess you meant(all un..,..HOOPA UNBOUND,all un..),then they disappeared with this offender you know anyway i was much frustrated mentally so after whole day's work returned home only to know that my husband had died but you know at that cruelest moment of existence just as i heard he has died i tell you man i could see something you know(all laugh..lot shaking,Violet..THE VULTURES APPEAR,all shake..laughing),and you know like just as i heard that my husband has died it was like your husband has died,means physically compeer be patient to be not mental(all un..)..so the i was scared and angry,despaired and intrigued,dejected and jubilant you know all emotions came to me as opposites exactly wen you know i could hear them saying countering(all un..),so then i was determined to know who they were i forgot about my husband who was all of me exactly as i thought i had forgotten him they said did you notice he was he,countering(all un..),so i realized that it was only me hence it really didn't matter you since then service was natural to me till i died just before in the cauldron of existential despondency i could see them saying means another emotion you are keeping in the jar of consciousness after being mentally dried(all un..),so you know then i wanted to confront these menaces to myself just like that man way back the dreg of society exactly when they said it means your will is facing it's meaning the digress from anxiety(all un..),so then somehow i got it you know i said yes now i get you compeers it's neither me nor not me,they said means implausibly compeers welcome to THE necessary sanity(all un..) i instantly this time added countering indeed they said SPIRITOMB! but what does this moment make you FEEL..being detached from it though(all un..,..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,all un..,Tracey and Brock..CRITICALLY SHADOWING RANDOM/LOOK Simile PHANTOM,all un..,..MASTER BRATS,Blossom,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and ...)..any situational logic not treated personally(all un..)"
Czeslaw(laughing..lot) : "man if only you were in the university just to be countering(all un..,..CRITICALLY ILLUMINES PHANTOM/TO GUZZLE A HUMDRUM POPCORN,all un..,Blossom,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and ...)"
Hologram : "knowingly indeed(all un..)"
Czeslaw(laughing..) : "yeah i understand the critique as to why service is natural too like action as both are dual they counter each other to be FREE in unification(all laugh..lot),and i being an engineer indeed understand it Mr Hologram indeed(all laugh..lot)..if only we had to engineer the philosophy of a Hakamo-O like countering(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "from the purview of desire to serve having BEEN served MEANS conservatively indeed,countering(all un..)"
Czeslaw(smile) : "yeah i get you bro why countering is needed to stay free of contraption into duality of caught in imagination of being in reality both illusive.."
Hologram : "thus mentally exclusive,in self reflection THE MEANING,countering(all un..)"
Czeslaw(laughing..lot) : "um..yeah there's no respite like i'll do this,countering(all un..).."
Hologram(thumping his hand) : "YVELTAL!(all un..,..IN PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS,all un..)..but what thus these ideas dually make you to be..really though,countering(all un..)"
Czeslaw(laughing..) : "like what is said being attached to meaning the intention the gap(all un..,Violet..Discuss Gap,#,..)..but what is the actual Hologram.."
A Person : "excuse me my name is Rakim this is my badge Sir i have a few questions on your presentation um..sorry but i actually came up as one of my colleagues discusses more i am working on () topic so the curiosity..any anomalies found(all un..,Czeslaw..Daily Daily Daily..Hologram/Reality then..shuu..Turn oh Turn/Daily Daily..Daily Hologram,#,..)"
..(later Strawberry Facepalm goes to Perkha's home at night)..
someone at the entrance of the locality : "hey you.."
Strawberry : "halt there being personally so true/that you're specifically going away from me general space says how to rue,PROFESSIONALLY(all un..)"
a few persons assemble(a boy speaks as a spokesperson) : "you're no Spectre of Vision sonny(all un..) you can't counter all of this unless we understand the last word you said lexically(all un..)"
Phantom(coming around) : "BLACEPHALON LON LON LON TYPE A BEFORE LONE LONE LONE BUT WHO is LONE(all un..)/SYMPHONY OF LEXICON WILL TELL YOU THAT YOU COULD'VE MEANT YOUR INTELLECT FROM ATTENTION TAKING EGO AS LOAN LOAN(all un..)/HALLU LU LU CI CI NA TION TION TION THAT'S YOU PERSONALLY FOLLOWING YOUR DESIRES YOUR SELF ACCALIMED PROFESSION(all un..)/thus when you do anything ask for conscious specification or existential documentation(all un..).."
a few persons : "we're afraid of no phantom not only now but for 5 damn years what would you do to us Ash(all un..)"
Phantom(going away) : "infact if you were afraid..next moment phantom(all un..long time)/thus look at this now of here is just the intellectual cauldron(all un..)..hence why bother to cogitate if annotation means to PHANTOM(all un..)..Ash i'm so so Ash..reason asks PHANTOM(all un..)..(Phantom going away).."
a few persons assemble(the boy) : "yeah we'll see how your disciples' self proclaimed beaus reacts to this(all un..)
Phantom(going away) : "for the reference of overdose of insight in the dream young older rim(all un..)/thus dream dream dream oh my dream..annotation PHANTOM(,all un..,Goran and Poppy,Goy and Mehadi un..).."
Tugstsogt(scowl) : "who are the beaus these are mere students of cue like that what was the name yeah Ms Volbeat(all un..)"
Phantom(from far,deep loud voice) : "they are so not from being or memory THE PHANTOM(all un..)/for me just reflect it is them welcoming universal phantom..(all un..)..(Phantom goes away)"
the gathering(the boy that is Tugstsogt) : "yeah as if thought would be so intellectual in terms of differential mentions(all un..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and Stash,Goran and Gary..THE LOGICALLY ESTIMATED CLINICAL FLOWERS,Goran and Poppy,Goy and Mehadi un..).."
someone else(angry..) : "yeah as if we don't know it's just Ash for 11 years all along(all un..,Daisy..Destiny of Being..WELCOME Random/Thus Look for aside..Lastly Phantom,all un..,..CASTER HAT)..and saw as if came and went away out of blue as if we don't know he came and is gone now(all un..)"
Phantom(around somewhere) : "now now staying at past future look present expectation look Phantom(all un..)"
the gathering(scared,shout) : "may light prevail upon our conceptions(all un..)..(few moments later)..saw how he fears light(all un..long time,Daisy..LASTLY THE PLAYBOY CONCERN,all un..)"
Tugstsogt(scowl) : "yeah thought could scare us(all burst..)..and you b.. listen.."
Phantom(coming as if just near) : "what would you do..if i sing you a song/quote would you walk out on me/lend me your ears and i'll sing you a song/that is how to be..oh so so oh though though Phantom witnessing Lastly/who the seer oh observing are you no more observed's me.."
Tugstsogt(only remains,scowl) : "i won't go away don't bother.."
from behind(bit timid) : "yeah see how police warning torchlights we always kept among the materials reclaimed from societies#..Lastly Phantom,#,.."
Strawberry : "you're scared for some reason compeers professionally i understand that specifically but you see your professions may be at places DEMANDS generality of personification in terms of EMOTIONS hence your fear should forward you on towards PROFESSIONAL unification compeers for PERSONAL SILENCE from being professionally numb,globally(all un..)"
same boy who tried to lead the gathering(scowl) : "i guess you mean countering our troubles we as a whole have to be honest to ourselves in terms of personal propitiation(all laugh..lot)..like recruit the right people,analyze risks,plan properly execute properly and so on just as the Police tries now but both being institutionalized now it's rather a business competition who can make more profit from certain classes the targets the pursuers or the protectors as they've invested their interest to defend themselves to both countering(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS,..)"
Strawberry : "professionally indeed not personally thus generally hence SPECIFICATION comes at last,only to be validating the morality in ideas against the ethics of greed and honesty of lust,countering(all un..,Goran,Stash,Goy..PROFESSIONAL BANDIT OF PERSONAL HONESTY THUS MORALLY SPECIFIC YET UNETHICAL IN GENERALITY,all un..).."
the boy(flustered) : "um..what does this mean at all if it makes it to return here only like you are the stupidest person i've seen but um..you're the only who wants to specify it professionally just to generalize it personally that you're so like countering(all un..)"
Strawberry(clapping suddenly) : "RAPIDASH!(all un..)..but this idea if professional like what you just said will mean personally you can not be that which is the same isn't it generally not specifically(all un..)"
the boy(confused) : "um..this all means it's just fun and game for you all.."
someone else : "are you thinking too much Tugstie.."
Tugstsogt(a bit self conscious) : "um..no it just reminded me of something(all laugh..lot)"
Strawberry : "dual globality of solvable reality isn't it personally projected to being professionally to anything,countering(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(flustered) : "um..yeah it's like i know you,you know i know but then once i try to recall it it says if you already know yet recalling means it was the knowledge of you not me but i wanted it means it was me not you an idea only to be countering(all un..,..PALKIAFREE,all un..)"
Strawberry(jumping up thumping his hand) : "TAPU KOKO(all un..,..Dr Oak Dr Oak,Gary shakes..laughing a lot)..but what would the general solution of reality specifically tell you..dually though in it's professionalism thus actually in personification,countering isn't it(all un..)..any personal concerns of others breeching both his and yours professionalism(all laugh..lot).."
the assembly(all going away flustered) : "we don't really like this atmosphere..it's just so ensuing(all burst..,Goran,Stash,Goy and Gary un..,..FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,all un..)"
Strawberry : "where you're going do tell that i couldn't say personally greetings/as from where you're going thus professionally through the space which you would be going specifically with both is busy in a general meeting,countering(all un..)"
Voice heard : "oh none none none none..coming/um..oh ah fuh spur calling"
all runs away(scared) : "no..Marengo..um no not countering#..Convicts of Justice,#,.."
Tugstsogt(frown) : "why are you here Dr Gary(all laugh..lot).."
Strawberry : "the name you just called means a professional SPHERE,through THE MEANING personally specificity it generalizes without any global worry,locally on emotions that is(all un..,..THE PROFESSIONAL OAK HALVES,all un..)"
Tugstsogt(frown) : "look we need to.."
Voice(heard) : "hurry..better factor.."
Tugstsogt(very angry) : "hey hey mention the doer not only the comprehender ok#..Coffin Saunter,#,.."
Strawberry : "it's a matter of profit and gain compeer in terms of freedom personally ever applicable professionally though only thus ever preferable specifically thus generally ever amenable,universally not selectively(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(flustered) : "um..yeah like your name Mr Facepalm,countering(all un..)"
Strawberry(clapping suddenly) : "SIMIPOUR!(all un..)..but what would the idea of an answer mean to the replier personally not actually(all un..).."
Tugstsogt(smile) : "um..no Mr Berry i get you there is something that you provide i understand which anyone can get but with you it's like so tangible.."
Strawberry : "fordable,countering isn't it globally not locally(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(smile) : "um..yeah i get you bro i get you anyway.."
Strawberry : "what are the specificities attached objection,revenge,infatuation,devotion,validation,emotion,attachment,duty,obligation,actualization,realization,manifestation,rejection,relation,detention,abduction,rendition,recuperation,ramification,revolution,evolution,volition,consolidation or finally mere cognition.."
Tugstsogt(a bit concerned) : "um..it's ok Mr Berry.."
Strawberry : "fine that's fine anytime you wish compeer it doesn't matter specificity unless to explain generality just to counter,countering(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(disappointed) : "i know you are going to Pirrie's home would you mind to take me there.."
Strawberry : "come along we're points compeer not 'persons : the registration of belief',countering(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(finally laughing) : "man this would've been outlandish stuff here it's impossible how these can apply to anyone professionally not personally(all laugh..lot).."
Strawberry : "reflectively(all burst..),anyway let's go.."
Tugstsogt(laughing) : "yeah but if it was Phantom would've said like why aren't you going then compeer if you so want..DESIRE HOW TO FULFILL IF REFERING PHANTOM(all un..)"
Strawberry : "epistemologically in global not metaphysically in universal,countering thus being only a pointer to itself the not being so in reverse to encounter thus countering the statement first professionally not personally(all un..).."
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "yeah i understand now why my colleagues here left truly this self inflicted pain is so foolish and abject thus most ensuing indeed(all laugh..lot)..but why would anyone with this sort of ideas proclaim in public why he is here that is to wait for a great battle all understand what he means(all laugh..lot)..but if i were of any gender why would i get into this self inflicted mess with the meaning he exclaims anyway and even then or if i do like he himself thinks what i said will be thus actually countering(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all un..)"
Strawberry : "WELCOME HUSH PHANTOM(all un..,Brock..LASTLY A PROFESSIONAL PHANTOM,all un..)"
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "God bless all professions including poor phantoms(all laugh..lot).."
..(at Perkha's home)..
Strawberry(changing expression..,knocking the door) : "excuse me compeers,personally i'm a beggar,beggar of professional sanity(all un..)"
Perkha(opening the door,a bit concerned) : "um..bro..come in but um.."
Strawberry(same expression) : "fear Pirrie is the personal tendency,tendency of professionalism,countering specifically not globally(all un..)"
Perkha(smile) : "ok come in.."
Strawberry : "right..let's.."
..(inside with Perkha's father Axel)..
Axel(a bit worried) : "um..Gary come in but i wish i could.."
Strawberry : "it's alright uncle it's alright i understand the concern they are professionals but consisting of persons a specification that hinders their globalization,countering(all un..) they need proper methods anyone would tell them among the intellectuals they require better methods more than anyone infact on the other hand the Police can't extract things by force hence they too need better methods in probabilistic domains and in the end if those who are going out returns here it's a revenge that is a confession of pain as it's said in sociology countering itself in reflection the toil of physique to digest food then pass in through the veins,PROFESSIONALLY(all un..)..anyway thus they understand that it's impossible for them to be harmed rather the opposite infact who wants to go out in reflection must realize that continuity is honesty's false charm,countering(all un..,Stash..REALIABLE VAGABONDS OF DURABLE HONESTY,all un..,Gary,Goran and Goy shake..laughing..lot).."
Axel(smile) : "well that's why they are only creating false pressure on us you know that if we are to stay here we can't keep contact with you.."
Strawberry : "yeah eventually they will realize that it's beneficial for them if you don't stay here anymore but given everything there's a pressure on the Police to do the right things that too from the handlers of your pursuers that is find a SAFE location in any of the cities barring Pewter cause of the congestion(all laugh..lot) cause ironically they have PROFESSIONALLY volunteered for the SPECIFIC WHOLE of GENERAL SOCIETY,countering personally though not veritably,in reflection only(all un..)"
Perkha(laughing..lot) : "man it's so hard for the judges you know like what is your defense,i'm a person Sir,person of geometry,countering(all un..)"
Strawberry : "logistically not logically(all un..),anyway the Police will make the amends they are around here and will knock the door as soon as ring this system(all laugh..lot)..right now if i ring it twice they will break the door then repay impossible to do so given a used good such is industry so true in MEANING(all un..,Stash..CONTEMPT OF ETHICS,all un..,Gary shakes..) then the Police looking inside which being impossible tomorrow have to shift you TODAY,PROFESSIONALLY(all un..,Stash..REVENGE OF MORALITY,ALL un..,Gary..shake..)..(Police comes in)..welcome compeers i was just explaining your personal reaction and professional ramifications generally not specifically(all laugh..lot)"
Police : "yeah the locality is set we didn't require any money either to set it given all here and everywhere else rejected you all once more(all laugh..lot) Mr Tugstsogt if wants to follow you may anyway his record says he only helps them in getaways like Mr Sarmad was doing just the phases of same plans or same charge different places..and yeah the locality is exactly the second home to where a few reporters are still more than colloquial mentally that is(all laugh..lot,..BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes..laughing..)..a hospital is being set up there too now after the sort of money that certain industries are thinking to pour here because they think they're no more safe in logic if they don't equate spending with earning obviously countering emotion not intelligence countering in reality given their meaning not lexical annotating(all un..)"
Strawberry : "prospectively(all un..),and about our compeers staying where is our most recently found compeer now i guess physically too you meant(all burst..)"
Police : "countering indeed(all un..,..THAT FEELING,..Brock pats..)"
Strawberry : "oh Pewter specify ground steel and rock!profession generalize personally dashing B-Rock!(all un..,Brock..YEARS GO BY/THINKING WHO AM I/AS THE ANSWER WILL SAY THUS WHOSE NOT THY/PROFESSIONALLY THUS PERSONS HALLOW NEVER HI,all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,Lillie un..,Gary shakes..)"
Police : "but yeah Ms Perkha we have a condition that is Mr Axel can stay around there where it's safe in the care home being set up at Yellowburst but you can't stay with him there you must stay here.."
Strawberry : "objection.."
Police : "she knows what we're talking about.."
Strawberry : "indeed.."
..(later inside a Police van as the Police is helping to shift Perkha and Axel..)..
Strawberry : "no they will be paid the fortunes that they can never personally make,ideologically countering(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(laughing) : "man this is outrageous stuff like i know Pidgies and what they do like if faced say a Pikachu it's like rather than the actual it will be like as Randy Tantrum says,FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT DO KNOW KNOW HOW TO FIGHT(all un..)/THUS NO FIGHT OH HAIL FIGHT(all un..)/THIS IDEA OF MIGHT/NO MATTER THE SUBSCRIPTION IN OR OUT WILL FIGHT(ALL UN..)"
Strawberry : "grammatically not morphologically(all un..,Stash,Goy,Goran,Gary..Mr MORPHEME SITHE,all un..)"
Tugstsogt(smile) : "no i wish i could follow you bro but i can't just like i can't become a ranger you know.."
Strawberry : "so the reason is personal then finally i guess as to why thus not causal,(chaging expression)..SPECIFICALLY(all un..)..(normally)..in terms of the universal not categorical(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(a bit dejected) : "um..yeah my family history is like that both side always here then i wanted to go out but my bro is physically challenged so i thought outside i can do a job and all cause except him none is of my own he can speak and cogitate a bit but completely bed ridden won't survive long 7 years younger to me is 12 now atmost 2 to three more years he has thus i'm here i've done my middle school and that was it really never had more chances except these things and so it's like that Mr Berry when he goes into abstraction i will go out get a job have my family that's all Mr Berry or may be i never will or even see tomorrow but no matter Mr Berry when i go out have a honest life and family what value does it have actually there and here if satisfaction is paramount due to objects yes this is more harmful path more difficult and so on but in the end there's the same thing of psychophysical satisfaction what's beyond that can't be practiced unless there is vision but in my case what can be done Mr Berry at present that is it's like saying why aren't you already.."
Strawberry(changing expression) : "PROFESSIONALLY..(normally)..that's the difference Mr Tugstsogt the only one you can't be bounded by personality to get the vision to start with practice is beyond my reach to explain properly i only know the specifications of generality bro,of mental sanity,countering(all un..).."
Tugstsgot(a bit flustered) : "um..but..(all laugh..lot)"
Strawberry : "no i tell you about myself Tugstie you know many years back when i was of your age professionally thus time agnostic in it's personified form(all un..) i was thinking how can i stop myself from doing things i didn't want to but had to due to this and that need then one day i was walking a disturbed disorganized disheartened distorted disbanded disarmed and distributed mostly in my mind(all laugh..lot,..MAGMORTGOLEM,Gary shakes..) i was walking around a crematory ground seeing how life and death plays around it was midday the brightest sun was there and i was about to return after a few hours there to take some food and all but then three persons suddenly came out of the shadows not air this only i recall(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS BRIGHT AND NIGHT/OH GUZZLE THUS THE MEANING OF SIGHT,all un..,Stash,Goy and Goran un..)..one said repetition compeer is the conjecture,conjecture of personality(all un..),next one said personality compeer is the hallucination of provability(all un..) finally the last one said provability compeer is is the bandage of sanity then all in unison said countering(all un..),so hearing them i thought they must be professionals which i asked them are you professionals of specificity not in general but in relation(all un..),they replied,KOMMO-O!(all un..) and the next moment i'm here talking with you you know and it rhymes professionally not personally(all un..,Stash..meager of meanings,all un..,Gary,Goran and Goy shakes..).."
Tugstsogt(laughing a lot) : "man i just understood you you know there's always you and your choiced compeers against whom any duality is so so much more satisfying,countering(all laugh..lot)..but um..i want to be Pokemon profession and the Police told me you're the best resource on that(all laugh..lot)"
Strawberry : "comically(all un..)..that's much later compeer first you must set your mind up as to what to choose once you're there but before that you have to be what is your relationship with Mr Sarmad,Ms Perkha and Mr Arnold..but before that what exactly afflicts your little bro"
Tugstsogt(disappointed) : "() syndrome.."
Strawberry : "how was that detected if the money was sparse.."
Tugstsogt(sigh) : "no we had the money then i just came away with my bro he was alright then i just passed middle school knew a few could earn tried school at Bosangria no use hence all this.."
Strawberry : "how's the current treatment"
Tugstsogt(disappointed) : "better than at home would'nt have been by now.."
Strawberry : "personally indeed(all laugh..lot shaking..)
Tugstsogt(laugh) : "um..yeah i guess he could meet you too before going i'm sure you could connect to him pokemons could.."
Strawberry : "as could anyone if only they didn't insist they were sane objectively not abstractly(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "um..yeah i understand all the more why even we were told to stay away the ideas of mentality and personality only replacing both with propriety(all un..)"
Strawberry : "the personal concussion of professional ego(all un..)..anyway,why was Pirrie hesitating and still averted you mostly.."
Tugstsogt(disappointed) : "nothing much Mr Berry just extortion she is ever rebellious hence more friction.."
Strawberry : "thus this professional addiction you know Tugstie of the rhymes in causal and holistic collaboration..with all the counters of plausibility and the reverse Tugstie of specificity and universalism so rightfully we heard that time in reflection only though..THE MOST CAPTVATING(all un..,Violet..THE VULTURES FRONTIER,all un..)"
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "man it's impossible not to ration even for the richest after this sort analogy(all laugh..lot)..like as neither of the ends can be reached actually it means only a counter to themselves..THE MOST ENGROSSING..in being referable though not recurrently(all un..)"
Strawberry : "indeed keep this mind next time you talk with your little sis surely you can figure out that lack of relationship.."
Tugstsogt(broadly smiling) : "surely Mr Berry surely.."
Strawberry : "physically you should too ACTUALLY..anyway that takes time only to point to the fact that the path can be backtracked hence i hope you won't try or practice in logic(all un..)..right,how long it's been here from where you come.."
Tugstsogt(a bit saddened) : "5 years i'm 19 now half a year and that's it for getting in pokemon profession as well.."
Strawberry : "as a professional i see exactly what Mr Sarmad realized(all laugh..lot).."
Tugstsogt(bit angry) : "yeah he ditched me too as soon as foisted himself upon you after so many years of..anyway..he is the only one who tolerated Pirrie she is always on the edge that's her nature,rough,rude,abrasive,aggressive,foul mouthed the plus point being she refuses to cheat her way to something and except her big bro never calms down so that was his only issue with me hence i myself handle his sis to maintain our relationship thus didn't say anything else but the rest wants to go after her by all means and it's rather me who shield her yeah i take more subscription in return from her but that's why i'm allowed to manage her case which her eggheaded bro won't want to understand..she suffers from a deep rooted anxiety i don't know what to do about it cause it's not exactly fear but disappointment i guess..but we've been accustomed to fear of all kinds so i can't pinpoint the true issue.."
Strawberry : "this is dissent Tugstie just as i said it's illusive meaning always is and dissent is something we're so fond of you know as it's in-between ethics and honesty(all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy and Stash..DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER JUST UNDERSTAND THIS IDEA OF YOU/WHILE IN DISSENT YOU'RE WANTING WHAT'S IS ONLY NOT YOU BUT YOUR BEAU,all un..,..THAT FEELING,all un..,Brock shakes..laughing..lot)..anyway,from where do you belong physically(all laugh..lot)"
Tugstsogt(bit smile) : "from Marengo..(all un..)"
Strawberry(clapping his hands suddenly) : "HAUNTER!(all un..)..(plays a record of Popcorn).."
Popcorn(singing) : "HEY!Marengo Marengo PLAY!Answer to the Doctor challenging to mean what may(all un..,..DOCTOR DASH,Brock slaps..)!that now it's that time to shine..where i can no more say you're merely mine..as i calculate the thinking time(all un..,Stash..THE UNFOLDED ONES,all un..,Brock and Violet un..).."..so you hear what Marengo is all about don't you Tugstie benevolently thus only and for thus only not originally,countering(all un..,..MASTER BRATS)"
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "yeah like thus malevolently in reflection,countering though consciously not existentially(all un..).."
Strawberry : "ironically(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "yeah i understand now why academia could never engulf you having to structure itself specifically not generally(all burst..)"
Strawberry : "conversely(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(laughing..) : "man now like if people succeed in doing a dishonest thing to the self it will be they who will be more apprehensive as like before you do you want it so badly you want to know how to after that you are so happy you have to keep it so hence both the case it's only like THE MOST ENGROSSING..rationally though not definitely,countering(all un..,..PROFESSIONALLY CRITICAL GHASTLY HUMDRUM,all un..)"
Strawberry : "as it's actually venturing(all un..)..anyway it was great meeting you once more.."
Tugstsogt(a bit saddened) : "um..yeah thanks but.."
Strawberry : "no you may take your time that why it's there anyway professionally(all un..)"
Tugstsogt(suddenly beaming very happy) : "YES!i get you bro i get you it's about me not the others.."
Strawberry : "thus only these compeers here can't personally only professionally bother,countering the specific that's the general other isn't it compeers(all un..).."
Police : "the annotation(all un..)"
Strawberry : "'personal signature : the specific action of general comprehension'(all un..)"
Police : "() will be delivered to you Mr Tugstsogt VIA your visit to your bro exactly why he ditched you(all burst..)"
Tugstsogt(  Strawberry,smiling) : "yeah i know..(laughing),like the nightmares or morality(all un..)"
Strawberry : "the general fight of specific sanity,countering(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)"
Tugstsogt(smiling) : "well that's from Jubilee Hands-On isn't it bro(laughing..lot)..rhyming with Hakamo-O(all laugh..lot).."
Strawberry : "it's impossible to differentiate anyway the necessity to the necessary,countering only(all un..,..SOCIETY,all un..)..thus necessary is what is paramount ever distinguishable from necessity in the indifference of being,countering(all un..,..CIVIZATION,all un..)..did that accident or these people scare you Tugstie.."
Tugstsogt's brother who was physically challenged(walking in) : "i just um..returned to say that um..i can see you too..no why(all un..,Tugstsogt..Daily Daily..Daily..Hologram,#,..)"
Voice : "Eh Ah Oh auh..ohh/alm..queer's woo..tniu.."
Tugstsogt(very angry) : "hey hey behave properly with illusion(all un..,Tugstsogt..Name Swear,#,..).."
..(Tantrum coming into Oak Labs at midnight,same day)..
Tantrum(coming in) : "years went by/being away from my/but i approach it says you're my/sanity hence look hallow never hi(all un..)"
Penny(straight) : "meta mathematically indeed(all un..)"
Tantrum : "you know Penny this is why i told you then to get into profession many years back many cosmologies back you must remember time isn't exclusive unless personal(all un..) now see this pitiable state of yours contemplating for the sake of it yet understanding the fun of it,hence not welcome ever bye isn't it countering(all un..)"
Penny(straight) : "psychologically i didn't get you Randy only your reaction to emotional sanity(all un..)"
Tantrum : "capacitative vanity,countering the potential with validation sh..THE MOST ENSUING,consciously though countering existence being CONSERVED in nature..categorically not generally(all un..)"
Penny(straight) : "prospectively(all un..).."
Tantrum(thumping one hand on another) : "KAKAROBASTRIL!(all un..)..but what does this moment mean to you..if it means in definition that is(all un..)"
Penny(smile) : "we have a bit of clogging in terms of works we slacked off a bit Randy cause we never had similar support.."
Tantrum : "proverbial effort,countering(all un..)..you know compeer once many years back if you know it won't be in front given the conservation of time not it's meaning(all un..),once i thought how can i learn all these in time how to manage time how to be the BEST how to be me Penny..how to be ME..the most CUING(all un..,..ART OF STARVATION,all un..),instantly with this thought i tell you you know i could LISTEN to them(all..lot,Violet..the Vultures Watch,all un..),they said you meant when you will know it didn't you(all un..,..Palkian Life),i said may be but to know that i also will have to know if i knew them to start with or not isn't it else it would've been same as the start won't it(all un..,..No progress if born),categorically compeer you can't feel it unless you are countering isn't it(all un..),but then i saw them being disturbed by this witness you know cause it was harassing them in reflection for the rational pay cheques despite itself and also them being intelligent strange is this sanity indeed(all un..),so i said yeah decision is only the intoxication of honesty, countering (all un..),they said originality compeer be mental not actual(all un..),but then when when they were original and wanted to be mental in meanings only i saw them being happy but harassed by it cause they were being perceptive of it despite it being defined intrinsically as is the opposite thus the perception itself,perceptively countering(all un..),hence i said indeed compeers but i found this strange so as to speak as to how and what to know more than time to mean it to start with(all un..) then if i know it will be the witness hence self will need to find a space to hanker for it afterall unless it does the witness will say indeed i saw myself despite being witness,countering as in judgment : the suspicion of ethics(all un..),hence indeed time management is great work or effort management is better then emotional,mental,life self and so on it never ends thus management becomes redundant to it's necessity only the necessary that's the illusion saying it so remains,countering(all un..),then suddenly i saw in their place their was someone else who said pathetic lad you wouldn't have even passed the school emotional mortgage paper(all burst..) your answer should've been same as the subject itself not the question cause that's the answer(all un..),i said metaphysically though thus the physics in it isn't found guilty of being meta despite being so and the meta isn't found culpable of being despite understanding it to be or be needed to be so,countering isn't it(all un..),then that being exclaimed,Ushifu!(all un..),next moment all i knew was you asking me if that moment became so for me, temporally though in reflection,countering(all un..,Violet..Oh humdrum this time/oh guzzle thus what's mine/oh guzzle guzzle humdrum guzzle/space is asking me to witness the no more befuddled guzzle thus it's humdrum by mental nuzzle,all un..)..then there was the idea of optimized work but that was made easier by three compeers Penny this was when i was of your age time never could tell when only what is hidden like any thing that's not there meaning isn't the one that hides is the lion,countering(all un..)..i met these three compeers Penny one said be mindful next countered it saying be detached the last asked do you feel the previous two lad,do you feel they in MEANING are(all un..,Stash..THE DRAGON OF FEELING DETACHED,Goran and Goy..COUNTERING,all un..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,Tracey and Brock shake..laughing),i said as a offering to service indeed(all un..) but then there wasn't any of them Penny but someone else who said,CALYREX!(all un..) then next thing i know limiting my knowledge(all un..) is you asking me if i did limit it or if it was conserved in the meaning of effort building it,countering(all un..).."
Penny(smile) : "parametrically(all un..)..anyway see you psychologically Randy,welcome never bye,countering(all un..)"
Tantrum : "thus hallow never hi,PHYSICALLY(all un..)"
..(getting inside after washing his feet and hands,Aurora,Ela,Zeta,Scintilla,Potentia,Vovam,Dwight and Iduna,Aimee,Marjorie,Susana,Esmeralda,Clyde and Scarlett,Imani,Zevegiin,Hertha,Daxton,Ghasiq,Nelson,Dietrich,Luis,Harris,Kahoku and Euphemia,Temujin,Benjamin,Igor,Glenn,Peniel,Arjen,Ariel,Zenith,Albert,Tempest,Lucent,Cameron and Giselle,Kane,Gordon,Terrence and Mildred present)..
Luis(straight) : "welcome compeer nebulously(all un..).."
Tantrum : "pleasure compeers,retrospectively,countering(all un..)"
Luis(straight) : "among us there is a big problem that has surfaced this problem has been best described by us as desire,desire to be nice,countering(all un..) may the accused please defend himself,momentarily,countering(all un..)"
Kane(a bit disappointed) : "no i get it Randy but i'm not talking in terms of we with her cause then she isn't equally represented what to speak of talking dually where she is only circularly represented to consolidate my position against consciousness,countering duality itself really though(all un..)"
Tantrum : "so a certainty of an uncertain gender(all un..) that is relative to be indeed no,countering(all un..)..no this is realizable compeers this is effective that Cerulean is still unresponsive to us but all in good times there the Waterflower sisters are a special breed unlike you breed of being rational(all un..,Violet..OF HUMDRUM THIS FAMILY/OH GUZZLE THUS MERRILY,all un..)..they are dogmatic especially the youngest two,dogmatic about themselves if mentioned by their strategy of being,countering(all un..)..thus if they are to be mentioned they become abjectly forked into many branches thus the strategy itself being so to be thus having to be logical not in itself but in reflection strangely(all un..) makes them one with many in an umbrella term it can be called splintering of meaning by itself only strangely(all un..) not the logic in itself logical thus disturbing only the balance of representation not the equilibrium of demonstration encapsulated in the meaning of Mr HYGIENE HYPE,countering(all un..)..so no there needs to be no categorization the rules are only to help you to be dual not real effectively though not reflectively(all un..)..hence it is all right the only objection about certain ways to MEAN nicknames despite very little lexical necessity only proves the necessary Lui,of 'meaning : the asunder of verb in honesty'(all un..) so your idea in consensus of this being the urgency of sanity is universal only not generally just that(all un..).."
Gladys(coming in,a bit thoughtful) : "um..hallow Stashey i'm just finished with this Heatran(all laugh..lot) that you may see is a bit irritated still as you see obviously if you know the meaning which can't be known in definition not application countering(all un..) but i heard a bit of your words now i thought you didn't elaborate the functionality of sanity in terms of intelligence only precedence(all un..)"
Tantrum(thumping..) : "URSHIFU!(all un..),INTELLIGENCE GENCE GENCE/addiction OR beneficence/to sanity functioning resistance/to be dual prevalence lence(all un..)..right Gladie this Heatran only needed recognition from it's derived categories not only their reflective or real existence(all un..)..HEATRAN TRAN PRESENCE ALAS RAN RAN(all un..)/IF I PUT A JUST BEFORE RUNNING IT WILL MEAN TEMPORAL SPAM SPAM(all un..)/AS WHAT I MEANT IS JUST THE PLAN PLAN/TO BE PRECEPTIVE DUAL FIRE REALITY FAN FAN(all un..)..THUS TO BE BE BE IN ANY CLAN CLAN/OR JUST TO BE OR NO SO EVEN IN CATEGORIES OR IN GENERAL JUST THE TENTATIVE MENTAL SYSTEM(all un..)..thus illusion the necessary/to be professional say ready hush steady be visionary(all un..,..Gary shakes..)..right these injuries will be healed compeer if only YOU're there compeer,conjured(all un..)..right yeah there won't be further disturbances in actuation of being not contention of doing,countering(all un..).."
Dwight(happy) : "thanks bro.."
Iduna and Clyde in unison(smile) : "operationally(all un..)"
Luis(straight) : "thus please we may go back to work with a note that pertinence doesn't depend on acceptance..obviously#.."
Kane(dissapointed) : "yeah it's ok i'll stay here#.."
Tantrum : "you used a few named entities Kane namely she and her what are these#.."
Kane(straight) : "no it's better to leave Stashey there was a glitch in concentration.."
Tantrum : "why are you alone#.."
Kane(bit thoughtful) : "um..ok i'm contacting her but she stays at her home still unlike Hannie#..Gary..CHOICED BRATS,#,"
Tantrum : "what's Hannie's relativity to this the concentration not IS#.."
Kane(bit disspointed) : "um..no she doesn't breach the rule of not fighting#.."
Tantrum : "winning#..win win all/can could shall#..if your confusion is about the fight compeer you should ask your shouldn't you than mine#.."
Kane(bit dissapointed) : "um..but i just asked um.. a question#.."
Tantrum : "what's called poison?#"
Kane(dissapointed) : "i didn't want the answer but her answer#.."
Tantrum : "what's called the illuminating cancer#.."
Kane(dissapointed) : "that i wanted to remember the answer rather than the question#.."
Tantrum : "the Humdrum of substance#..anyway i lack time for this compeer the contemplation thus psychophysically there must be a solution namely so on so on#..what have you done about it#.."
Kane(dissapointed) : "no nothing i have more um..essence to it#.."
Tantrum : "the guzzling of hemispheric..shh#..the most metabolic#..get her in compeer then there might be the wonder of mere#.."
..(Irene is joined)..
Irene(surprized) : "um..hallow Kane what is.."
Tantrum : "the problem compeer what is the problem#.."
Irene(laughing..) : "man please he didn't do anything except asking me an unnecessary question on if i came to know thing or knew them#..this was because i wasn't leaving him before answering how he automated the process of linguistics in terms of reflections as if it was fixed just as the quality of light doesn't interfare into the essence of reflection#..and i'm receiving this because despite understanding the unnecessary question..um..no mom it's Mehu#.."
Kane(thumping..) : "NIMTOLUKECHAPSAMEJATIHUM!#..(surprized)..um..no sorry 'mam what was..#.."
Irene's mom(inconvenient) : "um..no it's ok..um..no is..um..it..um..no is just a start of um..miss#..um..that is if i don't know um..then um is a thought which i think ii missed#..then the you of it..um..but that's not me by no way can i fit#..um..what is happening to me..um..no it#..um..no it's ok um..no you're welcome if you think um..no thought um.. no thinking um..no the thought um..ok thanks#.."
Irene(frowns) : "Kane what is happe..um..no the situation..cul mean..(cuts off..)..(all un..long)"
Kane(surprized) : "hey Sta..um..no just hey..um..but um..silence though is..but um..#"
..(some minutes later)..
Zed(coming out,laughing) : "man you've created an alarm apt enough to deluge whole of Frucifern and Cerulean thankfully your compeer-in-arms atleast recognizes that#.."
Tantrum : "this is ridiculous consider#..as to the use of physique the most imperative#..this being here asked of a solution but gave it as concentration descriptive chances thus now becomes insiders to axioms discerned is fractions of ability in sections#..but this physical solution which was intended is just the prerogative of desire comes gone#..any historical instances brushed aside as symptoms#..no#..Humdrum now row..considerably just as the conscious crow..monitoring#..discerned now ration/of existential passion/of being in self/recuse now caution..only semantically#..syntax thus penetrated,usefulness fashion#..anyway these tools of execution disturbs me compeer why don't they leave things to me really what's wrong with them why do they want to disturb me#.."
Zed(laughing..) : "disturbance Hands-On#.."
..(Police reaches the Oak Labs later)..
Police Head(solemn) : "we have an warrant for raid.."
Zed(smile) : "self proclaimed aid#..anything left#..no#..hands-on look so..meaningful#.."
Police Head(whining) : "no this is intentionally done so that we can listen to this this is pure hubris#.."
Zed(laughing..) : "if you follow it no not what you said or i but if you,follow,it#..verb becomes random to noun meaning only discerned..nebulous thus bludgeons#..any opinions?#.."
Police1(excited) : "exactly exactly what i told you sir don't bother because during it you only found the aptness of anything like also countering#.."
Police2(excited,singing) : "yes,like when i think i'll do anything it's like Ei me me me me me me me me me/Ei Focal Bludgeon did you see#.."
Police Head(scowl) : "concern now proven isn't it as nothing but umpteen#.."
Zed(laughing..) : "Living is haunting/Coffin look painting#/Effort is acting#/Phantom Everlasting#..any questioning not swift enough#..no..caution thus oh#..resetting#.."
Police3&4(angry) : "no sir we're not pursuing anyone by the moniker of Swift Question#..Cedar..swift..swift swift..swift swift swift swift Question,#..cause it makes absolutely no sense what-so-ever exactly why none at RImsable understands the use of feeling despite being#Brock..Feeling No Action/Ah Silence hush Reset Oh Caution,#"
Police head(going away,angry) : "i'll see how you escape being reported to Daisy#.."
Zed(laughing..) : "obviously the only one who for properties of being comes made ready#..DaisyDevil,#"
..(later next morning early hours,Tantrum about to leave from field Myla comes in)..
Myla(frown,a bit angry) : "surely you could've paid a visit to home.."
Tantrum : "digestive dome,countering(all un..)"
Myla(frown) : "Stash listen i know your mom for 21 years now she's way younger to be even my little sister more like niece(all laugh..lot) she isn't well given your sudden expansions into multiple dimensions despite same umbrella term of emotion(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "it's called affection Warden something a warden must oxidate to stay calm,despite the rendezvous of progress and condition in terms of fraction appearing as some yet builds this induction of being that's the operative not existent sum,countering(all un..)"
Myla(frown) : "fare enough atleast make sure you're not involved in the reality of wrong rhymes saw(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "the best way to not do something is to let it be against one STRONG,emotionally i mean countering(all un..,Violet..THE TESTAMENT OF GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)..gone gone am i/gone to you hence/gone this moment MY oh my/ gone this present/now it's in the/future past hallow not hi(all un..,..VAGABONDS OF PRESENCE,all un..)/come here oh my dear/come here reflect I/hence welcome to this existence/dual thus consciousness bye(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS WITNESS/OH GUZZLE THUS QUICKNESS,all un..,Brock..deliberators of honesty,all un..)..any suspicions on logic not entertained unless mathematically represented(all un..)"
Myla(frown) : "you certainly know none of the present are aiming for a singular life because you're exhorting it too much only you singularly is thus there your compeer-of-arms hasn't stepped a foot here in 5 years(all laugh..lot)..and Orrie will be reported as a threat the moment it embodies#..Living Hunter,#,..Omu will be ignored by present(all un..,..OH LIVING HUNTER/HURRY COFFIN SAUNTER,all un..long) Ushi is redundant to duality anyway(all un..,Able Section/oh thus Effort Fraction,all un..) and no still if the authorities allow we will see all barring Ash cause he's long dead anyway(all un..,Daisy..Lastly The Playboy Action,all un..)"
Tantrum : "well it's an alternative only to mind agnostic to reality not duality isn't it..THE MOST CAPTIVATING,philosophically not actually,countering sanity isn't it(all un..) it is so due to constraints of definitions though itself in optimizations being decisions impossible unless correlations impossible unless degrees of circulation of logic..sh..this cycle inexistent only if encapsulated..MADDENING(all un..)"
Hezza(frown) : "you're not eating or sleeping properly either even by your best of standards(all laugh..lot)..your mom wants to feed you but you won't allow her to hence said you should go not to the kitchen but the dining at breakfast itself(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "intuitive video cast(all un..) doesn't run yet manual says it can help,countering lexicon yet not the definition-how to help-not objectively though(all un..)"
Hezza(scowl) : "so you're all powerful now hum..(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "remorseful..of containers of perception the ego,the memory and so on..truly being them it's so hard to be eventful,countering(all un..)..besides i ate here yesterday as part of my contract handed down by people who can't distinguish between mention and dimension of abstraction(all un..) anyway thus i ate and haven't excreted the redundant yet cause my contract ran only at night after that if i use these facilities it's immoral though ethical isn't it you should know you're a self yet volunteered warden(all un..)"
Malva(frown) : "so your other bros are enough to protect your mom then against their so-called CONVICTION(all burst..,Gary and Lillie,Goran and Poppy,Goy and Mehadi un..).."
Tantrum : "well existentially she has a son no matter he being ALONE# but is biologically proven too the cream with the bun(all laugh shaking..) he says he can't move ahead because of his entourage of significance thus tries to show how to live with all yet declares this as hands-on,countering isn't it(all burst..)"
Zed(coming out,was around at the behest of Malva who requested him to be there in the morning,smile) : "on top of that practices defacement while being detached to self proficiency countering sufficiency of being or where to stand on,countering(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "so in these days the glare and stare of cities have turned you on pun intended Hands-On(all laugh..lot shaking..)"
Zed(smile) : "indeed towards capitulation of ego,the bun you talked about of correspondence of subjective dawn,is indeed thus the food of action and shelter of satisfaction the pros of their illusive con,reflectively and analytically but never categorically(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "thus you're here to make sure that you do the dual part perfectly only to realize by itself that it is the mural of consciousness,countering(all un..)"
Zed(smile) : "exploratory fragments of attentive performance(all un..)"
Tantrum : "no matter your conviction doesn't close any of the ends-solution or insurance(all un..)"
Zed(smile) : "thus only it's cognitive of substantial evidence hence relative not connected to feasible endurance(all un..)"
Tantrum : "coincidence(all un..) and still it's a breach of contract given their.."
Leah(coming in,frown) : "mentally assured confidence(all burst..,Gary..Mehadi un..)..you're coming to the table all are awaiting you.."
Tantrum : "well thus indeed you should've rather asked not analyzed the pretense..(all laugh..lot shaking..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&...)"
Malva(scowl) : "yeah enough of it and you brat why are you staying numb now hum.."
Zed(smile) : "well it's cause of his fear that unless he moves space will forget him countering his existence the confession of determination's methodical sauntering(all un..)"
Tantrum : "accident oriented fluoroscoping(all un..)..by the way Mr Ketchum recently i spoke with Mr Waterflower he said his so and so(all laugh..lot) was performing once then he wanted to talk with her so greeted her saying hi but only knew he was reflected in position not only condition as she in the end said yeah good though bye if it was the vultures would've added countering(all un..) they expect you to say pleasure that being abstract you can't say it's me or my but the meaning only says there's a difference hence perception hallow never hi countering isn't it(all un..)"
Renee(coming out frown with a big dish) : "this is your food take this if so much is tyour conviction on morality we all have finished and the main gate is shut(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "the pivot of insurance of intellect against situation that it's space's vector now can be called hut..shh..the most taxable(all un..long)..anyway it's unethical of you though especially Hands-On"
Zed(smile,tasting a bit of food) : "mom isn't this Brock's recipe of ()"
Leah(frown) : "yeah"
Zed(smile) : "Ah!i could've added more he said last time this recipe he found lack the covariance of logic only has correlational proclamations(all un..)"
Tantrum : "the organization of citie's Jubilee i guess has been appearing to you as syllabic compartments rather than being revisional fractions(all un..)"
Terrence and Mildred(coming out smile) : "bro won't you eat these we both helped aunty with Mippie(all un..)"
Tantrum(thumping..) : "BUZZWOLE!(all un..long)..Oh Gyre Gyre sequencing(all un..long)/Oh Gyre point you're incepting(all un..long)/Oh Pubu look now this order comes out of logic(all un..long)/like Luna but La La Doctor Lana read the book of epistemology says start ends when reaching goal path no more to the pebbles is it tragic or magic(all un..long)/Dr Oak look breaching ego/your Doctor would've felt just oppositions clashing in shadow(all un..long)/detached jackal comes now says attach qualia(all un..)/give me the food your egos of being so in others so delicious CINEMA(all un..long)..Oh Gyre Gyre black ink discrete ticket(all un..long)/Oh Gyre Gyre point thoughts now continuously no more modally cricket(all un..)/oh Gyre Gyre epistemological papers ready(all un..)/to break up constructed two Gyre look being introduced as two ones two is steady(all un..long,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all un..long)..oh de di de di DESIRE/look teddy teddy SHARE(all un..long)/but now steady ready brochure(all un..long)/oh me thus by my..no more respire(all un..long)..any analyzable words left dangled in possibility in the name of motivation(all un..long,..Guzzle Humdrum,all un..long)"
..(Tantrum in the dining after finishing the dish taken to him)
Tantrum : "greetings compeers,sorry to disturb your sanity,countering(all un..)..any questions on non-object consciousness ignored(all un..).."
Ruby(frown) : "sit down and start eating then only we'll confess our longing for your useless mumbling(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "ok fair enough lets see who are present and who are serving.."
Ruby(laughing) : "we all are(all stand up)..(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "no i get you compeers.."
Leah(scowl) : start eating you brat we know you can deepen your story on the run(all burst..)
Tantrum : "fare enough given you invited i will enjoy my dishes rather hence 97% alcohol should be here too the jumbo one,sweetening(all laugh..lot shaking..)"
Renee(frown) : "we have 97.45 VINTAGE move it"
Tantrum : "THUNDEROUS!(all burst..)..(eating).. anyway as i was saying you know when i was your age many cosmologies back if you know age is a metric of satiation(all un..),i was in this position when i returned to a place where i stayed for long according to time not space#..that space seemed familiar to me hence i was happy yet i couldn't reach the place compeer only decision time said the causal puppy#..hunger hunger..consider/hungry hungry accelerator#/causal causal..aspiration/thus discern now is..pacification#..meaning meaning no not this#/meaning meaning no not what it#/meaning meaning no lexicon already said meaning is#/self to ego thus..be parametric#..beauty beauty..inquire/beauty beauty..require#/beauty beauty..inspire/beauty beauty..now sire#..Meaning thus compeers any confusions as to What kind of meanings#..no#..expectation now Oh..actually#.."
A Staff(frown) : "one thing Stashey i'm a spy this is my card Police knows me i came here to check if my two associates are well positioned with you or not may be they still have confusion but now i suspect confusion itself has grasped me the most clarifying obvious isn't it not this Humdrum Stashey the Guzzling of it#..what was that in the dark nights#..no don't stop eating#..(few minutes later)..(smile)..thanks man i understand the continuation of observation rather than segmentation#.."
Tantrum(after the person leaves..,singing) : "meaning meaning clashing ego/being being Humdrum let's go#/Murmur Murmur this not now/Guzzle Guzzle Humdrum how#.."
..(after listening to this Redzep and Marc talking)
Redzep(very excited) : "bro what does it mean like is it what i want to or what you will tell me#..Red Zaps Off Stats,#"
Marc(bit hastily) : "no no just if that is IF be yeah IF,BE#..Marc The Mr Litman"
..(Pallet Police Station)..
Police Head(coming in) : "greetings compeers..(sometimes later)..why is everything out of order and silent#.."
Some Police(very excited,singing) : "alleviating pressure sir both your and ours so please accept this as a gift from us..
listening Murmur/Uu/Upto inquire#..(all giggle)..what did we say#.."
Police Head(frown) : "the Humdrum of yeah didn't they caution you not trying to learn but just to refill the concern#..look at this poster here always extracted from first day meeting all 11 years back..Hurry If you then are#/Else my Coffin Saunter#/I hurry sell or seal me as looking is attention the vendor#/meaning hurry lexically pedal ponder#Cedar..Office Hurry Tiffin Concur/Else Health's Coffin Saunter,#"
...(Few Nights later,Hologram at a Shamrockmoss crematory,there is a scuffle among some people)...
Accusers : "we'll see how you b.."
Accused : "please i.."
One of the accusers(a bit conscious) : "hang on whose that(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram(coming in,singing,a bottle of alcohol in hand sometimes drinking) : "i'm holding on your rope hence i'm off the ground(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)/you're hearing what i say thus i can't just make a sound(all un..)/then you tell me that you mean it(all un..)/so i go and cut you down(all un..).."
One of the accusers(confused) : "Ei Raki what sort of a creature is this drink that too a 5 litre bottle(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)"
Hologram(coming in,singing,not looking at the scene but passing by too happy) : "for you to respond though i wait(all un..)/as you said thanks i said sorry/cause i you didn't expect to turn around(all un..)/for you to say(all un..)/that without validation it's too soon to understand(all un..)/as situation is just intellect's after lunch noon away from emotional washroom(all un..)/hence i said it's too late to cogitate/as if you do i feel it's a mentally reflective circular net(all un..).."
One of the Accusers(confused) : "and why are you still walking in a hand combat stance in the other hand(all un..,Stash,Goran,Goy and Gary..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)"
The Accused : "please Sir can you.."
Hologram(stopping) : "thus you said i'll take another chance that's my shot to you(all un..)/as we need each other like aheart needs a beat how to say not from me but you(all un..)/thus i wanted to be fire red alas you i saw turning you said so what it's just red to blue(all un..)/but alas then we heard them say(all un..,..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all un..)/sorry but unlike this time heaven let me think it's mine(all un..)/but those two are saying we're afraid/cause this all is just us but to be so you we surpass you thus pass us despite not being us oh so true(all un..,..THE VULTURE DEALERS,all un..)/hence looking at this reflection/you think i'm the deflection of me not you(all un..)/hence it's too late to apologize/just cause it's too late(all un..)/it's to let to live or die/as consciousness said existence it's not your own property but i said it's to let(all un..)..any logical disguise used to conceal implausibility(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)"
all present(confused) : "um..um..do you also know what is Humdrum(all burst..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS PRESENCE/OH GUZZLE THUS ESSENCE,all un..)"
Hologram : "not existentially no(all burst..)"
All present(confused) : "um..we see then you must know Phantom(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "not objectively no(all un..).."
All present(laughing) : "then you don't seem to be in a doldrum though(all laugh..lot,Goran,Goy,Gary and Stash..MR CAFFEINE MITHE,all un..)"
Hologram : "not ontologically no(all burst..)"
All present(laughing..,Roxanne says this) : "and if it was Jubilee Hands-On then she would've not been bothered about existence at all thus we would've realized the futility of time and space without words we guess as it would've been hands-on as it suggests(all un..)"
Hologram(thumping his palm as in clapping suddenly) : "MARACTUS!(all un..)..no it's ok..they are specific not general in profession unlike personification(all un..)..they are saying that gender is only so tautologically,countering contingency,LOGICALLY..specifically for this logic and also all in all mentally though not intellectually(all un..)"
All present(confused) : "um..but..um..(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "it's the redundancy of sanity compeers this uncertainty of decision,countering it's precession..DUALLY..not really though,countering(all un..).."
All present(going away) : "no folks lets go away this brat isn't as good accumulatively as Humdrum when we met him(all un..long) this whole ambiance that drink this fun of this implausible pain is just so engaging if only it isn't as it is for us countering..what are we blabbing..(all un..)"
Accused(running away,scared) : "i'll face you later atleast you weren't like so maddening(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY)"
Hologram : "if describable,countering(al un..)..why are you staying here being,mentally rather that diffusing to multiplicity factually(all burst..).."
Roxanne(a bit confused still) : "um..no this was a brawl from a local party we settled it here but as i said like it wasn't like hands-on(all burst..).."
Hologram : "i don't believe you're a professional in the depths of the former they would've been so much more wise in choosing their place(all laugh..lot)"
Roxanne(confused) : "um..no it's normal stuff we ourselves are no pious greats we do combat sports there was a tournament between all the cities and our group was the winners in most categories for gender independent then went to a bar had a few drinks and so on..infact people at the bar itself said crematories are safest places these days if the main gate isn't crossed(all un..)"
Hologram : "relatively(all un..)..they said cause if you were professionals you would've went to haunted places crematories and filling grounds aren't those,humanely though(all un..) as it was explained in a piece from this city itself,'security : the confusion of honesty'(all un..)..there was a phrase spoken there which said if one sees something how one knows it's a thing not seeing(all un..),if written it would've been ok but it was spoken hence it meant it was spontaneous no matter in terms of memory never random strangely despite the construction process via general instructions not specific conditions(all un..),hence it should've been better wrangled in saying when one sees something is it the thing or just the idea of it's existence to seeing which consciously cling,then Mr Mention would have to add countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(bit flustered) : "um..but they are same i understand your reflective Hologram of two(all un..) but why would it be mentioned too in proficiency unlike floating in generosity..(all un..,Genkai..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE..DOWN TO THE EXISTENTIAL WIRE/I WANTED THE SELF OF WATER BUT TO CHECK IT I'LL WALK THROUGH THE CONSCIOUS FIRE,all un..,Goy..THE CLINICAL ONES,all un..)"
Hologram : "for the sake of confidentiality rather than minimality 'mam of the existence of sanity,countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(a bit discomforted) : "um..that is like the characteristic of anything if claims to be it that is the thing itself there is the problem of confidentiality of the thing predefined yet post analyzed if only towards it while being to the opposite one is inclined(all un..)"
Hologram : "well that's how reflection is decoded 'mam isn't it there is the light that wants to pass you by defined cause it enlightens objects never subjects who asks please stand by,countering the idea of oneness 'mam of hallow with hi isn't it(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)"
Roxanne(giggling) : "yeah like before a match of any kind you can say right now let's play but in the hindsight you know it's just the logic that's going to be all over all you need is to tell that no more you feel nay,countering(all un..,Tracey and Daisy,Gary and Lillie,Goran and Poppy,Goy and Mehadi,Cedar and Gladys,Genkai and Blossom,Cilan and Jennifer..DOCTOR NOW PLAYS,all un..,Brock hides..laughing..lot)"
Hologram : "but that moment should mean satisfaction 'mam countering gratification to be able to play,countering consciousness in the way admitting existence to be granted thus how can emotions come at all while intellect indeed plays,countering(all burst..)"
Roxanne(suddenly as if getting something) : "um..you..mean..um..like..the idea of oneness so maddening no matter the ups and downs of duality and the fruits and all to it can never cling what to speak of stay.."
Hologram : "mentally though not accidentally(all laugh..lot).."
Roxanne(broad smile) : "can i call you bro.."
Hologram(suddenly clapping,extremely happy) : "HEY!OH FEELING DOCTOR PLAY!OH FEELING DOCTOR SAY!(all un..,..DOCTOR NOW PLAYS,all un..,Brock slaps..lot) THAT NOTHING EXCEPT FEELING IS WHAT HAS MADE YOU NAY!(all un..)BUT LOOK NOW IT'S MY TIME TO SHINE..HENCE YOU'RE GONNA BURN IN THE LIGHT..OF THIS MENTAL NIGHT(all un..)..any rigourous inconsistencies of mathematical temperament of logically progressive classification noticed(all un..)"
Roxanne(smile) : "the exorbitant appeal of oneness just that isn't possible to be dual at all if it is it loses it's character as you said the thing only remains impossible in duality.."
Hologram : "relativity,countering SANITY of being and not being,the mental suggestibility,countering it's honesty of ONENESS ethically not morally in terms of self,countering lexically THE MEANING of just it(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY)"
Roxanne(very happy) : "yeah i get you bro it's like saying life is a dream hence let it be so,countering the awakening of the self,the meaning is just so maddening to not it thus only it helps,countering(all burst..,..CHOICED BRATS).."
Hologram : "ECCENTRIC!(all un..)..but what does this moment convey to you..probably though not catalytically(all un..)"
Roxanne(bursting..laughter) : "that is to start from saying welcome never bye like if it's bye it means no more existing yet conscious to the nothingness from both part countering it the definition of this abstraction as part of being or countering that is the counter itself no matter the action but the possibility mathematically(all un..)"
Hologram(suddenly claps) : "TYRAniTAR!(all un..)..thus this shouldn't be personal should it 'mam just the feeling of the same THE MEANING of claim(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah like if one wants to do something that means it's the action rather that wants to be exactly why if i say you're my bro it will actually mean that i claim only the fact that given this duality i was waiting for the action the fruit being just the exclamation that is a milestone to validate action the call of a crow,countering(all un..)"
Hologram : "thus in memory never possible in any mathematical theory,countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(suddenly understanding something,beaming) : "that is to make personal life all a meaning of the best isn't it that is what's beyond"
Hologram : "the logistics of insurance of the land broker that there's a depth to this pond,financially countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..lot) : "man it would've been impossible to do business with your backyard unethically as all says(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "so that they can validate what they can that is the same hence invent this idea of may,countering(all un..).."
Roxanne(laughing..lot) :"yeah personally not professionally thus countering it is your condition(all burst).."
Hologram : "a specifically comfortable comfortably generalization,countering(all burst..).."
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah like as i read a piece from Yellowburst,'mentality : the the confusion of honesty'(all un..).."
Hologram : "it might've been more strengthened if was supplemented with deterministic not heuristic modality in saying 'determination : the camouflage of morality'(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)"
Roxanne(smiling) : "i wish it was bro but i don't know may be emotions and all they do help.."
Hologram : "this isn't a moral place my dear sis though perfectly ethical(all burst..) why don't you return safely after calling your friends you can go to any Police station anywhere in objectively sectioned space(all un..long) actually at your leisure ESPECIALLY at the ONLY of Pallet Town under this City's farming competitors..so maddening the place(all burst..).."
Roxanne(a bit concerned) : "um..no i don't know.."
Hologram : "you may become an addict an alcoholic and so on PHYSICALLY(all laugh..lot) that impedes mind though due to it entertaining the idea of EMOTIONAL anomaly,countering(all burst..)"
Roxanne(bit disappointed) : "um..i don't know but i just want to talk with you bro or with your other siblings physically or mentally(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "consciously be professional(all burst..)"
Roxanne(beaming) : "thanks bro i never had so much fun like this is so much beyond.."
Hologram : "language not emotion(all burst..)..no i understand it you know my this ego apart why do you look forward to be in this profession of combat.."
Roxanne(a bit thoughtful) : "well there are various factors but the biggest is that i guess it's just my upbringing.."
Hologram : "deepening(all burst..),anyway let's go inside and let yourself sit down somewhere this place isn't dark enough,mentally(all burst..)..who are you compeers who are you no i didn't ask who you are compeers i asked who are you..shh..the most pointing..change the form logic to detection change the form(all un..long,Daily Hologram,all un..long)"
Few unnatural sounds : <obbu..laatf..poll..kaa..nn#>
Hologram : "no this being represents intuition not justification of union of fragments you must've been tricked by your guide of greatness#.."
Few Unnatural sounds : <similarly..>
Hologram : "ofcourse significance can't be masqueraded as unanimity#..obviously foisting must've tricked you as avoiding#.."
Few Unnatural Sounds and Phenomenas : <similarly>
Hologram : "knowledge knowledge from revenge change the form change the form/cautions as need look as that's being's HOLOGRAM#..thus causality look now Daily Daily my HOLOGRAM#..best of documentations compeers..meaning-instrumentally#..right let's go.."
Roxanne(smile) : "did you make all of them happy just like so#..Choiced Brats,#"
Hologram : "notions of oh#.."
Roxanne(smile) : "do you know everyone bro.."
Hologram : "opacity let's crow#..any reasoning camouflaged as answer#.."
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah let's go no wonder it was said that it's an opportunity and no more#Brock..Curses of Hellfire,#..but um..what did they want to ask me#..CHOICED BRATS,#"
Hologram : "if you're still in me#..the hologram of be#..anything else on prepositional tree#.."
..(going just inside a bit)..
Hologram : "right what is the meaning of your being here compeer what exactly.."
Roxanne(bit disconnected) : "um..expression that i can act individually despite um..concerns over the division of the self(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram(clapping..) : "SABLEYE!(all un..)..but what does this statement make of you..in terms of respirations though not as an inspiration,inspiration : the anxiety of ethics(all un..)"
Roxanne(a bit dejected) : "um..well i don't know may be if like you're so.."
Hologram : "pure..indeed but purity is a virtue you know something i was never able to or not to do cause the other's couldn't or could do countering(all un..)..thus you know i was dejected that i couldn't do anything then you know i tell you i was sitting underneath a tree at a crematory at night just as you're doing many ideas was flowing through my mind many things were happening existentially too but i wasn't connected to it i was separate but i was cause of these and the vise versa i didn't know what to do i was afraid due cause i can't live or die i was dejected compeer i was dejected exactly when i thought i was dejected i tell you suddenly i saw two persons jumping out of the darkest shadows of the trees(all laugh..lot,..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all burst..),one asked me are you dead compeer are you dead to live,mentally i meant not emotionally countering(all burst..),then other sang this..
ROTO TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM RO TO TOM/LOOK AT LIFE IT SAYS WHEN WILL YOU BE RANDOM(ALL UN..)..the other sang,HALLU LU LU CIN CI NA CI CI NA TION TION TION/READ HALLOW OR HO-OH OR OH MY SON DID YOU JUST THINK YOU YOURSELF and YOUR SELF DEFINITELY BELONG(all un..)..THE OTHER SANG,TWO TWO TWO TWO MEW MEW TWO ME TWO TWO MEW MEW TWO/DID I JUST SAY ONE OR TWO RANDOM YOU WHO(all un..)..THEN BOTH TOGETHER SAID,CU cu cu cu bone bone bone bone bone bone Cubone bone..then i tell you completely unknown to me i heard my SELF saying,thus intellectual death only says mental life did your rationale feel A-lone lone(all un..)..then suddenly someone said,HUSH!NO PERSONIFICATION TION TION TION TION TION TION TION/SAY YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE ONLY IN PROFESSION!(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)..then we replied,NECESSARY SARY RI SARY RI RI SA SARY/THUS NOW YOU SHOULD'VE ALSO LOOKED AT WHAT ISN'T IN YOUR SELF'S GROCERY(all un..),he replied ecstatically,NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE NONE/THEN AS I WILL KNOW THIS WHO WILL PUN PUN(all un..,..THE MEANING,all un..)..then we all together said too happily,ROTO TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM CHANGE THE FORM CHANGE THE FORM/IF YOU CAN CHANGE THEN IT CHANGES NOT THE MEANING OF CHANGE TENSE THUS WHAT'S GONE GONE(all un..)..then we three wanted to roam around cause we wanted to mean what we wanted(all un..),so one among us the person who always stood left stayed back saying he thought he wasn't acting as we were(all un..),so we said but that's the very basic from where we started,he jumped up saying,COUNTERING(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS IDENTITY/OH GUZZLE THUS circularity,all un..)..then first the latest person to join us said he didn't like this professionally only as possible only(all un..) so his other comrade across arms sang,YEARS GO BY/YOU ALAS I(all un..)/THUS HOW TO STAY WHO AM I/NOT WHO THUS HALLOW NEVER HI(all un..)..any confusions in globally logical sequence intelligently camouflaged through local rigours(all un..).."
Roxanne(smile) : "um..yeah i should get my life sorted and already on the road forever as you said so maddening this potential of inaction that you can't but act to it's coalition countering(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "contingently recapturing not tautologically refactoring thus in reality reflectively cofactoring what's meaningfully factoring,tautologically in lexical objects MEANING countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(smile) : "um..yeah like thus it's so like(laughing a lot) intellectually ensuing(all un..)..but um..(bit dejected)..um..still i guess you can go on forever but um.."
Hologram : "i see what is the meaning of your PHYSICAL name(all laugh..lot)"
Roxanne(a bit surprized) : "dawn,bright and radiant.."
Hologram : "so you have your meaning there itself my dear just as saying well balanced and calm,emotionally COUNTERING(all un..)"
Roxanne(very sad,standing up and  ologram) : "bro please don't leave your little sis here you yourself.."
Hologram : "MEANT..didn't say don't bother..but for that specifications are necessary not mere necessity for which i know where to go cause from there they of others strangely come to KNOW,JUSTIFIABLY countering(all burst..)"
Roxanne(a bit concerned) : "um..but no the Police doesn't have(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "they should have you know cause they say this idea of freedom in society..shh..MADDENING(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing) : "man i wish i learnt this language before my road to your profession would've been so easier(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "you mean Pokemon as a PROFESSION(all laugh..lot).."
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah professionally not personally(all burst..)"
Hologram : "hmm..pokemon master..hmm..knowing THEN mastering..hmm..(all burst..,..PALKIAN LIFE,all burst..),how old are you though physically(all laugh..lot)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "19 and 2"
Hologram : "SNORLAX!(All un..)..thus mentally you can claim you still have a year don't you if it can be distinguished away from relativity(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah like when they tell me you can't enter,temporally only i guess(all burst..)"
Hologram : "well may be but you know it's a long road from here to there hence you may contact your coach to sort out your combat sports career and then go to AH!BOULDER!BOULDER!(All laugh..lot,..DOCTOR NOW PLAYS,all burst..,Brock shakes..laughing..lot)"
Roxanne(laughing) : "well may be i can stay at my coach's place itself cause it's just Mr Pablo Dislom(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "rotation hush clock-turn(all un..)..no it's a good family you know SO NAIVE(all laugh..lot,..BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes..)..besides your family what about them PHYSICALLY(all laugh..lot).."
Roxanne(bit disappointed) : "well never saw dad and don't know the details,mom married twice after not in paper a complete mess though both earns a fair amount just not suited as a family and abuse i stay away alone with a few friends from the known neighbourhood just about finished my vocational course as a carpenter had some desire to combat from childhood due to various things hence this earning a bit here and there in juniors.."
Hologram : "emotionally(all burst..),do you know a certain Ms Perkha Gubiras.."
Roxanne(smile) : "yeah certainly not much of a friend though she is always on the edge(all laugh..lot)..locationally though in terms of personal aptitude not professional rectitude(all un..,HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)"
Hologram : "indeed the reflection of self though it's own meaning,the haze,lexically self countering(all un..) but what about these hombres that were here each are no matter their gender,'gender : the infection of ethics'(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "man no wonder they left so frightened mentaly not actually as in reflections(un..,all un..)"
Hologram : "inductions,probabilistically countering certainty the theory not the meaning that it can analyze something,if it's needed to,countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "i'm sure no math schools would've been in business if you managed to get into one intellectually(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "well i did you know but had to return after they said they will teach me regardless of my knowledge of what is teaching i heard countering(all un..),teaching is infeasible you know unless the for the meaning that is 'teaching : the doubt of honesty'(all un..)..thus it's about the meaning not me or thee just the teaching,that is being mentally to the self sh.. THE MOST bewitching,in reflections only though is it possible,countering(all un..).."
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah i just wish best of luck to sanity(all burst..).."
Hologram : "cause you didn't understand the purest vanity propagated compeer afterall i'm being an attempt to establish myself out of it while that being a goal whereas goal is the calamity compeer,calamity of ethics(all un..) thus you should realize that these words the meanings and the rest is only an hyperbole of a being,'being : the security of sanity'(all un..)"
Roxanne(smile) : "well atleast it got my induced state off and i'm sure their too in varying degrees(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "degree : the pension of vanity(all un..) whereas vanity is the pollution,pollution of action(all un..) whereas action is the disease,disease of ontology all these are true though thus not actual as in 'truth : the horror of significance',countering(all un..)..the actual is the meaning of sentience compeer no matter truth,false anything unless they mean just to BE,meaning actually to be countering as in 'reality,the fiction of honesty'(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "man none would've went to school second day after hearing how the first day counters numbering like that piece from Pewter 'numbering : the caution of morality'(all un..,..BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes..lot)"
Hologram : "productively not projectively countering 'invention : the discovery of covered honesty',in reflection not counter though mentally that is(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah i understand now why all are so petrified oh Huntelion actually of any fear just cause like it's so ENSUING,emotionally though not intellectually,countering the ever inventive and unpredictable fear though that hereby is the discovery just to be annotating hence only circularly SO ENCAPSULATING(all un..) like that piece from Pallet 'meaning : the most CAPTIVATING,electively though not selectively,countering captivation : the connotation of meaning,mentally though'(all un..,..) "
Hologram : "provably as would mean any crow,if meant in existence consciously as additionally though(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah like yes this is this,indeed deterministically though not reflectively where it's the same as saying if i'm not you're a Throh,countering..(a bit puzzled but very happy)..hang on what is..(all un..)"
Hologram : "exactly what compeer,the meaning or the question or just the reflective action of a very cunning pro,emotionally though,countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(very happy) : "thanks bro i certainly understand that pokemon mastery or anything else can be like so captivating no matter it's meaning(all laugh..)"
Hologram : "as it should be due to being provable existentially not consciously,countering the method of self THE MOST ENGAGING(all un..)..anyhow still the self if it is or isn't will ask you to be but as none is true it never does,'self : the entertainment of ethics'(all un..).."
Roxanne(laughing..) : "surely tomorrow the Police will have to be on their toes to get these(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "meaningfully not essentially,thus to see not to be,countering(all un..)"
Roxanne(smile) : "thus it's unbounded this nature in general hence they can't stop but to fall in this stream leading to the tune so maddening as it's said(all laugh..lot,..THAT MADDENING TUNE)"
Tantrum(thumping..) : "STEELIX!(all un..,..DASHING ROCK,Brock too un..)..but what would that moment mean to be..countering though(all un..)"
Roxanne(smiling) : "yeah i will have to be more minute surely i will after this.."
Hologram : "ECCENTRIC!(all burst..,Roxanne un..)..anyhow who were those hombres compeer they seemed SO NAIVE(all laugh..lot)"
Roxanne(smile) : "well to this surely are.."
Hologram : "this being so i guess you meant tentatively attentively though not fundamentally(all un..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "man this pain is just to merciless you know one has to give up the sanity absolutely(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "to their liking,countering(all un..)..anyhow what was the percentage of alcohol today.."
Roxanne(a bit thoughtful) : "um..i don't know 90% may be was too strong for me.."
Hologram : "indeed if you meet them play this recording upto here it's 97% without supplimentary waterworks it disturbs the fire(all laugh..lot) as today itself tested yeah this very bottle why keep it it's empty now(all laugh..lot)"
Roxanne(taking the bottle,laugh) : "man even 197% isn't anything to this(all laugh..lot)..hence also no wonder Pirrie hasn't come to train in a long time Sir said some personal issue but i see it's just professional ones(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "no she will return in time as if it mattered apart from FINANCIAL reasons(all burst..)..you know when i was of your age many cosmologies back if you believe time progresses(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..),once i was in your situation disturbed incoherent in my mind i was walking past a dump yard you know when i saw a person eating from the garbage among others but while the others were either determined or afflicted this person was singing,now i'm eating rice/but now that asks to chew another thrice(all un..)/so that i can taste the FREEDOM/of satisfaction as the action dares(all un..)/THEN crawling back/back to the top/top of the hygiene cares(all un..)/hence i can see the sun again till it says no more humane days to come..as for death you've broken out in love(all laugh..lot)..so i thought ok when i eat next time i will be mindful of the food not me(all laugh..lot).."
Roxanne(smile) : "well then as you said nothing more important that the illusion as illusion and it's hallucination as hallucination isn't it.."
Hologram : "mentally indeed(all burst..)"
Roxanne(laughing..) : "yeah i understand the emphasis on physique like MADDENING(all laugh..lot)..(laughing..lot)..intellectually though not actually rhymes saw(all un..).."
Hologram(thumping..) : "GLANIESOTERUSTOM!(all un..)..but what would the convolutions ask you to feel..logistically though not statistically(all un..).."
Roxanne(smile) : "well i just want to live with my parents that's all bro never had that.."
Hologram : "i see the objection of parity(all laugh..lot)..ok fare enough if you're selected you can live in the factory if not you can live in Boulder less than a year to go compeer less than a year to go..PEWTER HAIL THE ROCK!LEADING DASHING SMASHING BROCK!(all laugh..lot,..LEADING ROCK,Brock pats..)"
Roxanne(a bit thoughtful) : "um..but he's not from your groups(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "he doesn't need to compeer you can't classify him only what he is just as you FEEL what you feel,countering..OH SINGERS WHY STOPING AT THE EMOTIONAL STOP!/just cause you can no more reflect the notational hop/but look into the movement of your idea of being it's knot/thus wake up to your very feeling of being that's the leading rock!(all smile,Gary,Genkai,Goran,Goy,Blossom,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..THE UNFOLDED ONES,Brock un..,Violet smiles as do the rest)"
Roxanne(smiling) : "thanks bro i heard about Boulder but different people have different opinions on it but surely it's true i understand now why they claim only attention to honesty nothing else(all laugh..lot,..BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes..) but i now itself want to go to the factory i have no reason to return after today they will disturb me even more.."
Hologram : "what about the money.."
Roxanne(smiling,happy,bit excited) : "no it doesn't matter.."
Hologram : "calm down compeer calm down there's much more to settle down Mr Dislom may or may not help you none may actually neither me nor the factory nor anyone may be everyone is against you including they themselves but we should go to them the Police as unlike all they can't offend you at all only defend themselves,countering(all un..,Violet..POLYMORPHISM OF HONESTY IN THE ETHICAL DISGUISE OF A-CAUSAL MORALITY,all un..)"
..................................
(Hologram and Roxanne goes to the nearest Police Station)
..................................
Police : "listen it's not your own house ok..(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "thus you have to prove don't you countering(all un..)"
Police : "your necessity is the security for the others but the necessary is just picking up pieces to your puzzle which is so obvious that it's intellectual anarchy(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "impossible to achieve without phenomenal conformity countering relativity ain't it(all un..)"
Police : "fair enough so now we have to confiscate this la.."
Hologram : "titude..latitude : the creation of prerogative possibilities(all un..)"
Police : "well it's created so as to keep things separate that's all"
Hologram : "this is where the prerogative comes up compeer why do you need to be so sure that you're not rationally stall,countering(all un..)..no i tell you compeer i tell you food and shelter that's it to get it you must use logistics for which you should learn statistics that teaches how to test randomness starting from whatever it is,countering(all un..)..the physique is absent when you want to know it all you get is what you want to fit to your need to live compeer as a part of the profit of the business of reason with perception but why not expedite the process by bringing in death of reality asking can it also fit,countering(all un..)..it's always a dichotomy on me and you which isn't there once you either admit or don't question it but never the case if you ask whose whose beau translated as is it true(all un..)..then there are wasteful efforts and the rest or the omnipresence of attentive soundness of self but in between them lives the percept of relations be it absent thus no matter where you're at it's only a division of existence where indifference itself if you don't want yourself to be then can be the quotient that translates as not asking is THIS recent,countering(all un..)..thus you know it's so hard to find professionalism with the ideas of conformance ever like 'satiation : the confinement of decent',countering(all un..).."
Police : "well there's two sides involved here(all un..)"
Hologram : "indeed compeers,thus is your duty to relations,'relation : the inflection of dissent',countering dually thus nominally thus actually thus really countering 'illusiveness : the personification of morality'(all un..)"
Police : "right compeers let's get to work bonus is () obviously candour as Onus look itself Fenders..reflexively(all un..) you may leave Mr Hologram justice is the night of freedom we all agree too but this just gives the spice to the mundane being itself so now not changing equivalence just countering(all un..)"
Hologram : "relief : the regret of ethics(all un..long)"
..(few unnatural things happen)..
Police(scowl) : "why they didn't create a chaos only a sentiment of being to notion being so callous(all un..long)"
Hologram : "they want to ask something to this compeer of ours but she wasn't prepared yet now is you may go back Roxie to that crematory rest you know as ever being else the hologram of parry(all un..).."
Roxanne(giggle) : "right..hallow compeers..what i actually wanted to mean is like..(walks out to wards crematory)..(just before,bit surprized)..um..sorry but they're saying you're Curly Mention not Daily Hologram(all un..,..Discuss Gap,#,..)..(giggle)..yeah like if it was Hologram it would've not been appearing in existence rather wanted to ask for our opinion on if we too wanted to be present(all un..long,..Critical Pat,#,..)..(going away to the crematory,giggle)..
sun shining on the thoughts to think again/as recurrence for continuity has broken out in love..that's hologram of though as alas..look relation for causation has broken out in love(all un..long,..Choiced Brats).."
Mention(after Roxanne goes away) : "hologram : the calculation of ing..to being the most surviving(all un..long,..Brock..Critical Pat,all un..long)"
Some sort of disturbance in thoughts : "ok i see this.."
All being including Roxanne and the non humans except Goran(bvery angry) : "hey hey introduce self to reality properly(all un..,..Goran..Daily Daily..Daily Hologram,#,..)"
Mention : "oh Reticence pay The Vat/Critical Critique of Pat/Behalf oh Demure Else/Am Oh Name Swear Thence..Oh Fiore..Ore Ore..Ore Ore Fiorre..Fiorre look at..Marengo/Oh Fiorre else see..Oh Fiorre Ore Ore YO..Murkrow(all un..long..,Goran..The Reticent Pat..shuu..countering,#,..)"
....................................(Hayley and her friend Kerryn visiting Oak Labs,they are in their first year at high school,both from Rimsable)......
Kerryn(in a gate a bit hesitated) : "um..Hillie we've come up here after so many checking enforced by dad all the more but um..(all laugh..lot)"
Hayley(frown) : "just get in what are you afraid of from your disposition certainly it's not yourself(all laugh..lot).."
Kerryn(a bit irritated) : "i'm not afraid but concerned we've come prepared how to talk but their followers(all un..,Stash,Goran,Goy and Gary..CHOICED BRATS)"
Hayley(dragging Kerryn in) : "come on Kerrie anyhow we can't talk like them just the words not like it will be so ensuing(all laugh..lot)"
..(inside,Aurora meets them first)..
Aurora(thoughtful) : "hallow there compeers,are you certain compeers can you prove where you are(all un..)"
Hayley(giggle) : "yeah certainly from where we can say that i'm only in reflection(all un..)"
Aurora(thoughtful) : "inductive affliction(all un..) thus recurrently compeer are you selective compeer are you selective that to her you can be(all un..)"
Kerryn(giggle) : "recurrently as you said in emotion(all un..)"
Aurora(hand combat stance,excited) : "GIGANTABISFORMAT!(all un..)..but this stance won't it mean we're prepared to rather than the ability to fight,countering(all un..).."
Hayley and Kerryn(unison,giggle) : "what is DANGEROUS,reflectively(all un..,..DANGEROUS,all un..)"
Aurora(excited,similarly) : "HEATMORE!(all un..)..but what does the dangerous reflection mean to be..analogically though(all un..)"
Hayley(smile) : "well that's why we've come here to pay a visit actually if it could be proven only though that intention only necessitates actuation not the necessary that it's own cessation(all un..)..hence we came here indeed being afflicted by emotion but rather than being different or inducing excitement among us it induced this shadow of reflection(all un..) hence we really came here to see the reflection not mere shadow anymore 'mam.."
Aurora(thoughtful) : "attention change the form it's rather a sham,countering notational diagram(all un..)"
Kerryn(giggle,very happy) : "yeah like hallow compeer are you there compeer or are you the space's relative share(all un..)"
Aurora(very excited,similar stance) : "HERACROSS!(all un..) and what would this idea absolutely tell now..in terms of conservation though(all un.)"
Hayley&Kerryn(unison,giggle,high five) : "REFLECTION MASTERY!(all un..,Stash..CHOICED BRATS)"
Aurora(smile) : "welcome to the factory beings,of it's rendition,mentally only hence a mere relation(all un..)..and about the shadow of reflection or it's cessation it isn't happening unless it's no more the darkness of light is in it's relation,countering(all un..)"
Hayley(happy) : "thanks compeer always an opportunity(all laugh..lot).."
Kerryn(a bit thoughtful) : "um..but i was thinking how did you authenticate us(all laugh..lot).."
Aurora(very excited,similar stance) : "OBSTAGOON!(all un..)..(without the stance)..this i wish i could say but i only follow myself in a few algorithms proven never to work hence so effective for you(all un..).."
Hayley(smile) : "um..i see but um..can we go inside we want to see things there we heard there's a registration process and all hence came here after paying at the gate but didn't see anyone here(all laugh..)"
Aurora(straight) : "no that is because you came to the lab not the field countering yourselves actually in terms of desire(all un..) that's why it's there to start with have you read this piece from Zipgarnet,'choice : the bristle of emotion'(all un..)"
Kerryn(smile) : "um..yeah we did this is hands-on actually(all laugh..lot,..SOCIETY,all un..).."
Aurora(excited) : "PURRLOIN!(all un..)..hence when you learn it you know that you know it regardless of time don't you countering(all un..)"
Hayley&Kerryn(giggle,hi-five) : "'connection : the frustration of honesty'(all un..)"
Aurora(smile) : "indeed compeers indeed,if only known though not learnt(all un..).."
Hayley(smile) : "um..yeah surely..saw Kerrie it's actually better with their disciples they are like as i said would be much like..um..prerogative to feelings than denominational positions(all un..)"
Kerryn(a bit irritated) : "no i didn't say that they would be interrogative of structure rather why are we despite knowing to be so are being rational(all un..)"
Aurora(smile) : "logically coaxial not transpositionally collateral,countering by reflections(all un..)"
Hayley&Kerryn(giggle,unison) : "the electric of urge mixed in the flight of it's vector agnostic surge..THUNDURUS!(all un..)"


..............(show relation and difference between Thundurus and Eternatus)....................
Aurora(excited) : "reflectively the momentary purge of elaboration the conservation of legendary doubt and to corrode it fruit agnostic the poison of action in charge..Eternatus!(all un..)"
..................................


...(Scintilla comes in a few minutes later as Hayley and Kerryn were told they could go inside)..
Scintilla(coming in) : "greetings compeers,i'll be your coordinator here for today in terms of conception though not perception(all un..)..any concurrent or parallel objections(all un..)"
Hayley(giggle) : "like concurrency demands us parallel you thus the objection if the former is of us not propagated as in later to you,countering(all un..)"
Scintilla(clapping..,excited) : "WEAVILE!(all un..)..and what about your compeer.."
Kerryn(giggle) : "that is the darkness of action rendering the faction of not mine but your own traction pouring the ice of constraints on the goal of mutual satisfaction,countering(all un..)"
Scintilla(clapping..) : "MANDIBUZZ!(all un..)..but what would this revelation point to you..reliably though(all un..,..REFLECTION MASTERY,all un..)"
Hayley&Kerryn(giggle) : "IN REFLECTION THE FLIGHT OF ACTION'S BENEFACTION BECOMING DARK AS PASSES THE SKIN OF THE RESULT COMES OFF TO REVEAL IT'S INTELLECTUAL POSITION,mentally COUNTERING(all un..)..as described in 'ATTAINMENT : THE FEAR OF SANITY'(all un..,Gary..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..)"
Scintilla(clapping..) : "TRYRANTUM!(all un..,..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all un..)"
..................................
(after the day,Hayley and Kerryn now thinks of leaving)
Hayley(a bit concerned) : "um..i forgot Kerrie we have to leave still(all laugh..lot).."
Kerryn(frown) : "you leave walking all the way you know perfectly well there's no transport except emergency from 23:00 to 4:00 at Pallet(all un..,Brock..Professionally Critical Ghastly Humdrum,all un..)"
Hayley(frown) : "yeah and from your disposition it seems that this moment only feels to you without any meaning(all un..,..THAT FEELING,all un..,Brock too un..)"
Kerryn(frown) : "atleast not spatially like you(all un..)"
Hayley(frown) : "to the vastness of ontological solution that is the mere rational due(all un..)"
Kerryn(giggle) : "countering the existential chew(all un..)"
Hayley(giggle) : "reflecting the consciousness to itself as Ah!that cue..THE MOST CAPTIVATING(all un..)"
Renee(coming in) : "so would you two stay here in guest house or is your own carriage available"
Kerryn(smile) : "um..we want to stay here 'mam but um..we didn't.."
Renee(smile) : "it's ok dears your supper is ready as part of the token of appreciation as the custom says for those who stays on till 22:15 the very last limit of closing despite all the furore here in Pallet especially it's ok(all laugh..lot).."
Hayley(smile) : "um..thanks 'mam.."
..(Hayley and Kerryn just about beginning to eat in their room,door knocks in haste)..
Kerryn(frown) : "sure it's dad(all laugh..lot)..no i'm seeing.."
..(Opens door Kerryn's father Mr Vale a top ranked Police officer from Rimsable)..
Vale(frown) : "why are you here hum you know all barring one are safe who are found at only at crematories INTELECTUALLY(all un..,Daisy..Lastly the Playboy Section,all un..long)"
Kerryn(frown) : "and your professional institution is the one that's been publishing their articles axing the same tree you want to preserve(all laugh..lot)"
Vale(frown) : "if we don't there are other factors Kerrie these brats are there to only gear everything up to infinite and silently leave for the rest to pick themselves up as pieces of emotion(all laugh..lot)"
Kerryn(frown) : "still they are as futile as you are let me eat now ok i'm famished.."
Vale(frown) : "i see Hayley did they offer you to eat only here or to their table no matter it's exact midnight now(all laugh..lot)"
Hayley(a bit embarrassed) : "um..no they did but we didn't want to they have much work today.."
Vale(a bit happier) : "yes you..anyway i just remembered to call for an important case(going away)..return tomorrow dawn itself in a carriage i'll send have breakfast at your friend's place Hayley see you(all un..,Goy,Goran,Gary and Stash..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)"
Kerryn(frown,returning) : "saw Hillie how he acted like a 5 year old(all burst..,..NO PROGRESS IF BORN)"
Hayley(smile) : "that's what i told you Kerrie dad was like so intolerant of anything especially when we were sitting for food(all un..) as if like it meant something like(giggle as does Kerryn,unison)..'experience : the aging of moments'(all un..,..NO PROGRESS IF BORN,all un..)"
..(Vale about to go out of the Lab,Monogram coming in)..
Vale(a bit shocked and very angry) : "what the..had to be this b.. that too today itself(all un..) i see no fit enough afterall..Goy haven't you volunteered to foster your sisters at Rimsable(all un..,Daisy..LASTLY AN APPRENTICE PLAYBOY,all un..).."
Monogram : "indeed compeer it's just the action of denoting the facets only as specification in definition,as you know space being professional you can never generally surpass only personally amass,countering(all un..)"
Vale(frown) : "continuously i guess not reactively despite your own cress(all laugh..lot)"
Monogram : "you know when i was of your age.."
Vale(frown) : "surely your daughter was the one to end that term for you(all laugh..lot).."
Monogram : "indeed as when i wanted to tender her first time she said something that had no meaning in my language instantly someone coming out of her physique as if told me look lad space is habitable only not referable unless this body specifications can never surpass,countering(all un..) so you know i was taken aback a bit asked the doctors is everything ok with my daughter,they said yeah certainly why,i said no just the anxiety,they i don't know why strangely smiled and said just the shadow of uncertainty instantly as they were smiling i could see them the gravest then someone appeared of that virtuality you know saying,countering(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS DELIGHT/OH GUZZLE THUS TWILIGHT/OH HUMDRUM GUZZLE SHADOW GUZZLE HUMDRUM/IF THE SHADOW IS A REFLECTIVE PUZZLE CALL RANDOM RANDOM,all un..,Violet..new show series,the chronicles of A LOGICAL HUMDRUM,all un..)..so i realized what he meant finally so i asked them are you sure that you're not completely of her gender individually not collectively(all un..,Daisy..PLAYBOY ENTRANCE,all un..),the next moment that i saw is your apprehension what if i could despite my process to build my knowledge(all un..)"
Vale(frown) : "you know best you have complementary deficiencies Goy and your compliment knows it whole world knows it why are you two talking about each other for 11 years UNLIKE your own compeer-of-arms and his complement too hum WHY..(all un..,..THE DARKENED ONES,all un..).."
Monogram : "indeed compeer you're inquisitive but why don't you halt here with your future at present you can't deny it can you at past countering(all un..)"
Vale(laughing finally) : "man i wish you were in my profession afterall Goy it's so hard you know with this barrage of emotions,countering(all Monogram : "indeed 'emotion : the the bill of sanity'(all un..)"
Vale(laughing..) : "atleast make sure their hubbies are spared(all laugh..lot).."
Monogram : "that's why i request you to stay here compeer as you can see if they exist or not if they do..sh..THE BEAUTY! and ow it fares,countering the definition of the same AH!that referring stare,mentally though countering the beauty of mere(all un..,Daisy..PLAYBOY COMPOUND,all un..)"
Vale(laughing..) : "yeah God bless your facilitators(all laugh..lot,Goy and Mehadi..Rock jackal Rock,all laugh..lot,Brock and Tracey shake..laughing)"
Monogram : "no compeer there is this idea that i may when i find the right exam will prepare to take it as voluntary but you see preparation requires the exam to give some suggestions on what it's looking for thus in reality it's redundant rather it provides you against your knowledge in potency a solution,countering ACTION(all un..)"
Vale(laughing..) : "yeah God bless my daughter's poor target i can understand now why biased associations are complaining that the unbiased ones are demanding each of their claims to be implemented first countering(all un..,Daisy..first ever article from Pewter after ordination into wild prokemon consultancy,'REFLECTION : THE INFLECTION OF FEELING',all un..,Genkai and Blossom,Goy,Mehadi,Goran and Poppy..DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER JUST COMPLEMENT THIS FEEL/THAT THE TWISTS OF BEING CAN'T SPOIL THIS MOMENT JUST AS YOU THOUGHT IT COULD THOUGH FEEL,all un..,Gary..YEAH Gary SPEAKING NO TROUBLES WITH YOUR DEMANDS,WE ONLY SAID CAN YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR ANSWER YOU ONLY FEEL,all un..,Lillie..BRO PLEASE IT'S OK YOU CAN STAY THERE BUT YOU KNOW WITH THE BUNCHES IT'S A RISK FOR YOU..,THAT'S SO CAUSE THEIR FEELINGS THEY ONLY FEEL,all un..,Daisy..IT'S NOT WISE YOU KNOW WHY CAN'T WE JUST BE A SEPARATE LAB ANYWAY IT'S ONLY A SINGLE CITY BASED,IT'S SO CAUSE IT CAN THEN PUT A check while also igniting WHILE OBSERVING THIS CAUSAL DUALITY OF OUR ZEAL,all un..,Tracey..OH PASIO APPLICATION HAS COME TO LEAD THAT FEEL,all un..,..LEADING ROCK,Brock too un..)"..man dashing rock is just another level all together,you were supposed to be against us(all burst..,Brock un..),against caution Mrs Ketchum not action cause unlike that the previous like your middle name you can't just let it live only in that feel(all burst..,Stash..THE UNFOLDED ONES,Brock and Violet un..),anyway(all laugh..lot),this restarts obviously(all laugh..lot)..
Monogram : "indeed and as i guess every gender is no matter(all laugh..lot).."
Vale(laughing..) : "oh yeah now they have this idea of self sufficiency even more(all laugh..lot)"
Monogram : "as they should be compeers as your profession elaborates most beautifully that it's 'fulfillment : the repression of ethics'(all un..)"
Vale(laughing..) : "well i only feel pity for those who will come 200 years later among the distorted versions(all laugh..lot)"
Monogram : "just to be the most DEMANDING..intellectually though not reliably(all un..)..anyway you must be HUNGRY(all laugh..lot).."
Vale(smile) : "no it's.."
Monogram : "tell them to provide as many forces using an alarm it's never harmful for your defense for their offense it's 'DUTY : the poverty of morality'(all un..) thus for Backstabang it's called Learning to Be,Be a HUMAN,Humanity : around the leagues of mental festivity..of phenomenal conformity,countering(all un..)"
Vale(laughing..) : "man bandits of honesty by all means(all laugh..)"
Monogram : "if meant,ontologically countering the metaphysical rent,epistemologically(all un..)..any biological objections not entertained(all un..,Daisy..Look-only-At,all un..)"
..(inside Monogram forces Vale to take something in the field,1:15)..
Monogram : "no you can always stay at Berry's room it's always for unexpected events as he says he is expected to validate the meaning of someone else's existence professionally not personally(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)..from say around 2 to 6 no problem 2 hours aren't needed at all you know during sleep all you do unless trained is to be sleeping,countering your need to be keeping your thoughts of action to yourself,countering intellect to be seeking(all un..)..similarly you know there's a vast array of things that you can do to have a good life you know if alone then not lone if not lone then indeed alone,mentally countering perception though ontologically not in it's concentration(all un..).."
Vale(laughing..) : "and these brats inspire it(all laugh..lot).."
Monogram : "no they don't get human emotions you know hence can't get deceit and altruism no more humans have more faculties in senses other higher plane beings even more if they exist that is not in contemplation of existence though only as objections of consciousness,countering(all burst..)..so it's only the excuse that certainly i have to make a living that's all incidentally the clamours starts why aren't you just me then if it could be answered life would be redundant death would be petulance of being you know the immortality mere acceptance that indeed if i'm here you become me or against hypothesis of honesty just the moral renaissance,countering 'consciousness : the existential course of attention's ethical maintenance'(all un..)"
Vale(smile) : "surely there's no sleep indeed as i hear how eating is so paramount to your methods(all laugh..lot)"
Monogram : "oh yeah indeed anything is if want to be cause it can't except being me,countering the notion of thee interring the idea of see(all un..)..so indeed it's important but that differs from place to place time to time exactly why space isn't reliable at all just as time unless the meaning is taken that is they are present if only they don't want to BE countering the idea of ME countering sanity isn't it(all un..)"
Vale(laughing..) : "man certainly at anything that meant you would've been absolutely useless(all laugh..lot).."
Monogram : "considerably(all un..,..COLONY MONOGRAM,all un..)"
..(in the morning Hayley,Kerryn and Vale about to leave)..
Monogram : "so yeah indeed if you want to be selected as a labour here you should come here sometimes after this semester starting may be 2 days later(all laugh..lot) there will be new entries too as we hear a few are in due from Cerulean given Daisy's insistence on being perfect never possible unless one improves PATIENTLY,countering(all un..,Tracey shakes..)"
Hayley(laughing..) : "well i'll tell dad to come here too next time(all laugh..lot)"
....................................
Gary(angry) : "Adi you lowlife why have you invited Ezkie hum he refused to be invited unless i'm present means he created this situation where i felt i need to return#..Eh Blur,#,.."
Adebayo(happy) : "Eh Blur/look there/if prepared/Eh..then blurred#..Eh Blur,#,.."
Gary(angry) : "you..Ezkie why are you here hum#..Eh Blur,#,.."
Ezekiel=Eh Blur : "well Stashey said he was fed well here identically though with some by some so i thought who was fed was the food else it's only the value of a preset checksum..shh..so technical only if so much FITTIN'#..Eh Blur,#,.."
Naomi(coming in) : "oh honey here you are i prepared you meals Genkie was saying how you don't take care of your health now-a-days then accused you rhyming which when i showed the accounts said well then you require physical nutrition too to which Blossie said how you refused her offer of judging her thoughts as she cooked for herself and another so come over honey we've prepared a lot for you and your special friend as they said#..The Feathered Ones,#,.."
Gary(scowl) : "i see..tell everyone to be present at the field pokemons included#..(later after all set,scowl)..just a sec aunty don't serve anyone..shuu..listen#.."
Fortuna=Fuh Spur(coming in) : "Fuh Phew Ehh Ah Uu..Oh Eh Eh Oh Ah Eww.. Oh..SPUR#..Fuh Spur,#,.."
Gary(angry) : "Fortu you lowlife why did you instigate a parsable situation with the plates and hands being washed well enough or not hum#..Fuh Spur,#,.."
Spur : "appliances ago disprover when i was limited to potential,i thought so wrongly i'm universal..shh..the most ENGULFIN'..countering though the definitional rendering..Oh Ah my Oh Ah I oh Phew's SPUR#..Photoshop Apps,#,.."
Romelu&Rumla(popping up,giggle) : "Oh Oh Oh Oh..Hoping Honest/Poked though Token/Of Ah Preset..look a counter/Token of known function/Shopping latest..thus next term look Phantom#..The Honest Phantom,#,.."

....................................


..(Cerulean Beach,midnight Tantrum entering)..
Tantrum(singing around) : "filling ocean/water caution(all un..)/around it beings having so much fun boo this safety condition(all un..)/that don't be too much of anything except the all inclusive honest passion(all un..)/to be someone/thus need not one(all un..)/look around so much life just to say it's it thus none(all un..,Violet..GUZZLE THUS OH GUZZLE GUZZLE THIS MENTAL HUMDRUM,all un..).."
someone(was from a large gathering who were having fun there at the beach) : "hey who the hell..OH NO!(all un..,..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all un..)"
Tantrum(coming in) : "the next thought strangely is so lexicon would say indeed but the meaning says no,countering(all un..)"
Someone(coming in) : "it's ok Funnie,let me talk..hallow Mr Tantrum may we have a debate among us(all un..long,Violet..FILLING CAUTION/SWIFTLY DONE/AROUND IT HUNTING NOW COFFIN CAUTION,all un..long) you,me and my some friends and colleagues here in the presence of all of us.."
Tantrum : "if you can debate being not me indeed(all laugh..lot)..that is your words should mean to me that i'm you not your logic the existence of your self not you but to your mind your attention's due,countering the idea of intellectual cue(all un..)..any objections to consciousness neglected as not another(all un..)"
Questioner(a bit taken aback) : "um..(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum(going away) : "hoping honest..may be you're familiar with this rhythm compeers..written lesson..see through oh this..preset functions..
oh thus cessation/hoping honest/token action/to shop ah LATEST..
poking pensive/pleasure entwined/hoping thorugh presets/God why me and thine..
..shh..so exclaimin'..why then conscious precious into being's me..shh..the most upheldin'..#Unto Murmur,#,..anything else..no..thanks(all un..long,..Upto Concur,#,..)..failing nailing again oh me left you/as then is i looking for cue/passage look existence new/no new's existence consciousness boo..or no new's existence but so many boo me not my me but what about that see consciousness boo#..Unto Murmur,#,.."
Questioner(a bit concerned) : "um..Mr Tantrum..please just a moment can you join us here now for like um..i mean..(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "relation to validate you,indeed(all un..).."
Questioner(smiling) : "um..yeah please if you could..um..once we went for a picnic then visited a few nearby shops at SunsetHytell Point#..where we met um..Mr and Ms Jenkins the um.. Rotating Rummages#..Shopping Lessons,#,.."
Tantrum : "well i come here for a purpose objectively you know(all laugh..lot) the days of roaming around without any objective purpose isn't really there anymore due to me being me,sh..THAT INTELLECTUAL LORE..MADDENING(all un..) hence unless you fulfill that it's implausible to stay here PHYSICALLY(all laugh..lot)..for your ploughing of emotions apart from intelligence not in complementary there's so many monasteries and nunneries and philosophy classes and ontology books,mathematics in abstract and applied,relationships,sports,movies,entertainments games but then again there's greed and kindness,hatred and oneness and everything else in opposite compeers amidst all this where is the need to be ALONE thus significant,countering(all un..)..the purpose is that i hear Cerulean is the wealthiest city in the Silver Jubilee circle PHYSICALLY(all burst..) in terms of entertainment and luxury this is top in terms of INTELLECTUALITY this is second though behind the fire ring of all places(all laugh..lot) definitely statistics is strange(all laugh..lot)..DOWN TO THE WIRE/OH I WANT,TO,THUS I'LL THROUGH THE FIRE#.."
Questioner(laughing..) : "um..just an objection Mr Tantrum that it's so because they included 8 certain names in their intellectual output unfairly through Police countering(all un..,..MASTER BRATS)..and we refrained from entering the competition cause it wasn't to be considered unless they directly quoted hence obviously they couldn't come up with substitute of a word which has created more controversies than life itself as long as it exists thus discrete(all un..,Violet..HUMDRUM THIS OH MY BEING HAVING COGITATED YOU AS PEER/R!/THUS I WILL HAVE TO BE MYSELF SELF WELCOME TO THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all un..,..MASTER BRAT).."
Tantrum : "but that isn't in technical fields why i come here i hear in terms of industrial evolution this is a great place so i was looking to talk with a few of them as there is a petition from here that the environment isn't safe anymore here pokemons are .REATED MENTALLY(all laugh..lot) despite they claiming they are superior yet optimizing emotions to them so inferior,countering(all burst..)"
Questioner(smile) : "well we come from Bujnajem RC the founder you can meet if you want to not here today but we can arrange..infact we did take a big step in moving that petition to the 11 city panel but the problem is that we use your materials like coffees they are indispensable in offense,defense and negligence as much countering all(all burst..) but we just don't understand why pokemons have anything to do with it first but even more so why would the gym leader here deny your entry while all the rest has been clamouring for that for 5 years now just for the increment of workhours(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "firstly about pokemons the problem is not that what they have to do with this but rather your own desire to be me(all laugh..lot) hence that's because you don't want to be them compeer the meaning not actual that you can't in reality you can't because you can get the meaning that you can't countering isn't it(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS EXCITEMENT/OH GUZZLE GUZZLE IT'S MENTAL ASSIGNMENT/OH HUMDRUM LOOK LAZILY AT THIS HUMDRUM OF ZEAL/THUS NOW YOU GUZZLE THIS ABAUNDANCE OF BEING ANYTHING IN VIGIL,all un..).."
Questioner(bit puzzled) : "um..but..(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "it's all right compeers don't bother you're skilled persons rejoice in altruism and enthusiasm and satisfaction of truly own have enjoyment to your dears be near they only thing that if you ask me concerns me isn't about you at all but me whom i fear,countering(all un..)"
Another person(a bit ashamed) : "um..please Mr Tantrum if you could consider it was a mistake indeed to challenge you for a debate according to conservation of determination and randomness(all un..long,Brock..Caution!A RANDOM TRYRANTUM!,all un..long).."
Tantrum : "not at all compeer not at all the problem was that you were wanting to debate with me but i couldn't afford that as being thee i took up the responsibility to be me hence it would've been immoral though honesty and ethical isn't it(all un..)..and about debate the subject was debate thus any engagement is redundant compeers as debate is self fulfilling hence being me all i could is to debate being indeed me isn't it(all un..).."
two little boys coming in(excited,dragging Tantrum) : "uncle why don't you come with us..(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "i will if you can tell me how you move actually in your courses if you fail or pass(all un..).."
The smaller boy(giggle) : "um..yeah Pidu still doesn't show up to play despite wanting to sometimes which daddy says is exam time(all burst..)"
Pedahzur,the bigger boy(giggle) : "yeah when i ask why i can't play like Yarrow dad says you can play with these then obstinately follows some self created rules JUST AS mommy(all burst..)"
Tantrum(thumping his hand) : "KROOKODILE!(all un..long)..follow my movement with stance(puts up a peek-a-boo hand combat stance with movement)..(all un..)..HEY!time time play!(all un..)..no time time say!that why when you pass you ask me that now can you pass adding a request introduced as may!(all un..)/thus now it's my time to shine/i'm gonna get what's mine..that's your transport line(all un..,Stash..BOULDER!BOUDLER!,all un..,Brock too un..)"
The person(laughing as the two boys are too happy,very excited and cheers while moving as Tantrum showed,they are his children,their mom joins in too laughing as do others) : "thanks Mr Tantrum we wish we could express the meaning like this(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "which if you knew or didn't only exists now in physical or would never have unless you saw how went past now(all burst..) thus in reality it's only you compeers in reflections rhymes with refraction,mental refraction of intellectual sanity,countering(all un..)"
The boys' mother(smile) : "um..that's how you counter vanity don't you Mr Tantrum.."
Tantrum : "rather it's clarity happens without any effort as physics dictates the laws of universal reflectivity,countering lexical not meaningful clarity(all un..)"
both of the couple(smile,happy) : "thanks Mr Tantrum but why don't you come in now"
the two boys and other children(excited,mainly those two boys are saying) : "yeah uncle why don't you join us so many times our parents don't allow us to watch something together(all un..,Stash,Goy,Goran and Gary..CHOICED BRATS)"
Tantrum(going to the place) : "no from the point of view of the home is it exactly why there are so many rooms to counter it(all un..)..no it's ok thanks rather you should enjoy your foods my requirement will be fulfilled given your MOODS,countering the security of goods recurrently not inductively isn't it(all un..,Brock..BEGGARS OF SANITY,all un..)..only water will go a long way only as my physique will ask you in reflection only though(all burst..) don't worry finish your meals up first i've come here only after my sabbatical from daily health(all un..).."
The children(excited) : "uncle how many songs do you know(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "in terms of words not one in terms of the rhythm just them only to and fro meaningfully then you'll automate yourself in thinking about it welcome to lexicon take action ticket for performance show,countering what's there that's the void just saying that is here just no,countering potential represented in causation as hence thus and so(all un..)"
Pedahzur(giggle) : "um..what sort of song this is like is this children's song(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all un..).."
Tantrum : "reference to you as you listen just to understand reflected as management of this silence of action when acts declares itself in lexicon to be humdrum,countering the mind as it's to understand the decision to work it's just a modest not emotional decorum(all un..)"
Yarrow(giggle) : "um..i don't understand anything but none speaks as if like it's like.."
Tantrum : "the most ensuing(all burst..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)"
Yarrow(giggle) : "what does it mean what does it mean what does it mean(all un..,Violet..OH GUZZLE GUZZLE NOW YOU GUZZLE/THIS QUESTION,ANSWER LOOK AT THIS PUZZLE DIFFERENCE..SHOO,all un..)"
Pedahzur(very happy) : "didn't you get it Arrow,it's just the meaning(all un..)"
Tantrum(jumping up straight from crossed legged sited position,thumping the other hand) : "Stitartomosdragum!(all un..)..(similar stance and movement)..HEY!KNOWLEDGE KNOWLEDGE PLAY!(all un..)/KNOWLEDGE KNOWLEDGE SAY!THAT WHEN I LEARN WHY YOU TELL ME TO NOT FOCUS ON WHAT'S MAY!(ALL UN..)/THUS NOW IT'S MY TIME TO SHINE/I'M GONNA TAKE WHAT'S MINE..THAT'S THE EMOTIONAL FINE(all un..).."
Pedahzur(giggle) : "what is the meaning of fine(all un..)"
Tantrum : "what you don't do without doing how to not do it(all un..)"
Pedahzur(giggle) : "yeah like sometimes mommy always says do then dad also adds do.."
Yarrow(giggle) : "so except when we play it's always like do do do do(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS).."
Pedahzur(very happy,bouncing) : "and um..like when they always want us to do something or only one says sometimes they don't agree to things that is what they teach as emotion where does it come from uncle(all un..)"
Tantrum(thumping his hand) : "ARCEUS!(all un..)..DO DO DO..DO DO TWO TWO MEW MEW TWO NOT TWO(all un..)..ACTION NOW GUZZLE THIS MOMENT/TO BECOME ACTIVE MENTAL HUMDRUM COMMENT..DO(all un..)/READY READY asks steady steady(all un..)/thinking missing the chance why heady heady..go(all un..)/in the action doing right/alas define insight..think before after and while you do(all un..)/hence difference difference you take this moment/look you become indifferent as your self you try to foment..whenever thinking to do(all un..)/hence ready ready just to be steady(all un..)/to be ready just to be steady difference..shoo(all un..)/hence while thinking or while doing/many things or just one keep suing..DO(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all un..)/says HOOPA PA PA PA PA HOO HOO(all un..)/DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ACTION AND TO DO..SHOO..(all un..)"
The children(very happy,mainly a few older ones) : "yes this is the best play like countering(all un..,..SOCIETY,all un..)"
Tantrum : "impossible isn't it unless there's something before that to initiate read facilitate it,countering(all un..)"
The children(a bit flustered) : "um..but..(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "this is when you feel you have to do something which in analysis will mean it's not you,countering though as the thinker thus who understands that to be different to you is just you(all un..).."
Yarrow(smile) : "um..how to play this game(all burst..)"
Pedahzur(smile) : "yeah like it doesn't seem to stop like if i stop whatever i do then still i will do something else so still this can't stop.."
Tantrum(jumping..) : "SURUPTISOMONOSATIBOM!(all un..)..THE THOUGHTS ON THE MIND GO ROUND AND ROUND..ROUND AND ROUND/ALL IDEA LONG(all un..)/the ideas on the mind go round..round/all attention long(all un..)/attention in the mind..round/all intellect long(all un..)/intellect in the mind..round/all self long(all un..)/self in the mind..round/all consciousness long(all un..)/consciousness in the mind..round/all being long(all un..)/being in the mind..round/all existence long(all un..)/existence in the mind..round/all thoughts long(all un..)..thus cut of this illusive humdrum countering all counter long..dually though as in reality this chain isn't of any use except returning back(ALL UN..)..question might be circulating in your minds now as to what is reality and what is dually and many more but just as a few of you are reacting to me more than the others for some reason or by mere chance this all thing once you guzzle you become none,countering though as then you will say no more mental pun(all un..).."
Yarrow(smile,  Tantrum) : "uncle what means humdrum(all burst..)"
Pedahzur(smile) : "didn't you get it Arrow it's just why you question itself(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"
Tantrum(thumping the palm..) : "CUMVORITOMLABOFBUT!(all un..)..and if you say so indeed isn't it as long as it counters IT,countering how that indeed as another from the other not another fits(all un..)..it's for the meaning young lad thus never will have a meaning would it to mean the meaning thus what it will have is only how to construct meaning that is lexicon(all un..)..humdrum means when you know that you're looking to another young one(all laugh..lot),but to know him you have to guzzle him up that is eat him which he won't do only you can eat your food thus after that will be separate from him or will you look at the next other one the same humdrum who will look at you similarly thus where will you be if you want to except countering him by being you from which he can be,countering..effectively though not actually as it's unnecessary unless the necessity of which makes it necessary(all un..)"
Pedahzur(smile,  Tantrum) : "um..did you go to my school or swimming class or somewhere it seems like i know you(all burst..,..PALKIAN LIFE)"
Tantrum : "because you know me always as you said as you know what is you(all un..)..it is from where emotion generates dear just to do just to do,countering isn't it when you what to(all un..)..particulars as to you,me your parents,your brother,friends,relatives,teachers,enemies,the unknown persons and all it's another story never necessary only the necessity to MENTALLY QUERY if you have a mind thus from it that's yours that you or that's the mind whatever it be form to form though to answer you it will have to vary(all un..)"
Yarrow(giggle,same pose) : "uncle uncle is your name Hoopa(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter for a bit prolonged time,Daisy cheers for SURUPTISOMONOSATIBOM..dually though,all un..,Violet cheers for yeah sign here with date,HOOPA UNBOUND is it the calender of time that's there seen as set,all un..)
Tantrum(thumping..) : "Ei..BABLIPARA-SUMSO-SUMSO/GAMVOK-OH-Seer- who so to though!(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/IF ANY DUALITY IT'S NAME ON THE FORM NUZZLE NUZZLE SPECIFIC VULTURES IN VISEVERSA..SEE,all un..)..HEY!NAMING NAMING PLAY(ALL un..)/NO NAMING NAMING SAY!THAT WHEN I NAME WHY YOU ASK THAT THIS IS JUST THIS NOT YES OR NAY!(all un..)!thus now it's my time to shine..i'm gonna get what's mine..that's this rational existence's phenomenal chime(all un..)..any suspicions on lack of algorithmic soundness noticed(all un..)"
Pedahzur(same pose,giggle) : "um..why when you talk most of it makes no sense but it feels like what you're saying doesn't have to be meaningful to mean infact meaning will hinder like what it wants to mean actually like..um(a bit surprised)..what did i say..like(giggle) what did i now say what did i then say what did i just say(all un..,..BEEHEEYEM LIFE,all un..)"
Tantrum(thumping..) : "LAMKAPATAnilrastisbaz!(all un..) but no matter the moment what would the understanding for you to be..intellectually though not conclusively thus definitely in mind ever actually in definition of notion never,countering the logical FEVER(all un..)"
Yarrow(same pose,smile) : "have anyone ever tendered you without touching Pidu(all laugh..lot)"
Pedahzur(smile,same pose more firmly) : "mom did.."
Yarrow(giggle,same pose) : "um..may be.."
Tantrum : "or the fever itself compeers..shh..
I can feel it come it's in the air here look..oh me took..self oh Vultures that you book(all un..long)/And i've waitin' for this moment for all me outlook..just as i look..oh Vultures epistemology you shook(all un..long)/Can you feel it come to make your being no more be in a hook..with metaphysical salvation as cook..Oh Vultures look(all un..long)..
Whiskey Whiskey Whiskey Fever
You're my evil you're my angel you're my devil you're my candle..OH VULTURES TO HAVE A PIVOT OF PRACTICE ADD LOVE(all un..long)
Oh Humdrum Humdrum..Oh Humdrum Humdrum Now You Guzzle/Whatever isn't liked why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)/E!(all un..long)/Humdrum thus Guzzle Guzzle..thee/E!(all un..long)/but to do what is wanted why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..long,..Guzzle Humdrum,all un..long)..
any analogical ventures situationally decried(all un..long).."
all the children(all trying to hug Tantrum who extends his arms sitting down in hooked legs,unison,very happy unison) : "like exam being only time as play why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..long)"
Tantrum : "examination welcome thus..reflection..boom(all un..long)..shh..the most PROGRESSIVE(all un..long)..mentally thought not collaterally(all un..long)..thus relationship you who..alas oh desire look for me the ego and my it's arrow..BOOM(all un..long).."
children(similarly,giggling) : "yeah it seems so strange that they ask questions that we know or supposed to know but that's not exam really in meaning is it uncle(all un..long).."
Tantrum : "that's a pointer compeers..pointer : the habit of confidence..shh..the most decoding(all un..long)..in terms of being thought compeers not meaning as you that's not the examination rather to the centre how to go but if you're taken already by the passing time compeers why wait for time and not be inside it letting it all go..in the flow compeer of ego and relativity..in essence if you can compeer why are you me and not i why my you forgo..shh..the most entertaining(all laugh..lot)..exclusively though in continuity it's just the counter to what's not me that's all my strangely compeer countering fractions of you and me yet look to be you have to add so..thus this being compeer if empty of time makes you surpass the exam of consequences and step foot into the reign of no more to but fro..shh..the most assimilating..thus you see if you can why aren't you me compeer countering your ability to be me as well if you can let it all go the opposites of me and i and you and my where's the desire compeer..just to be so..shh..welcome to the conscious hoe..shh..the most experiencing(all un..long)..but then there compeers why be it and not i why would i consciousness never let go then it's the same point compeers this emptiness of essence anywhere as a reflection or conflict..(claps)..a collision compeers if really is all to be compeer why take part in it to be the third of observer and not be empty and let so be oh..shh..the most instigating(all un..long,Cedar..KOMMO-the encompassssiiiiin'-Oh,all un..long)..thus returning back to examination time during play what is to keep what to let be a no(all laugh..lot)"
all children(same,giggle..mainly Pedahzur says all the above almost all a few elder children joins in with proper words,the rest little bit,Yarrow too joins in sometimes) : "that we're playing and not someone else we're preparing for the exam and none else and the parents and all the rest it's all of me thus keeping me alive to those who aren't me keeping them as so(all laugh..lot)..(all bit confused)..um..but uncle how to deem what's my(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "effectiveness..hallow never hi(all un..long)..else it's not effective compeers to you as it serves only me as looks on the caged i..thus effectiveness is being me of i compeers..i : the semblance of difference..shh..THE MOST CAPTIVATING(all un..long)..countering though decision-the most activating(all un..long)..thus incision compeers if it's all always me why to be compeer how to be as no being isn't me and while this goes on how not to be as it's all me compeers..thus examination welcome playing never bye.."
Pedahzur and Yarrow(  their parents) : "just to say hallow to me where's then i(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "countering though compeers assimilation as all me as you're no more assimilation now by being for you to reflectively see thus assimilation be never try..shh..the most ENTHRALLING(all un..long)..thus compeers.."
all the children(going back to their guardians or parents but Yarrow and Pedahzur comes back to Tantrum and hugs him,giggle) : "self to time..welcome never bye(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "for equality of conservation between i and me the most assuring..thus examination to relativity oh thy and my..say hallow never hi(all un..long)..anyway compeers we will require privacy you see as these two aren't leaving me though the rest of you are standing apart hence if you wish to know about what happened to them if i stand up and walk away you will go to a place which will also tell you as an addition about me more and more as they've axed themselves the ego having volunteered actively to PURSUE only what's in heart,countering(all un..,Brock..LASTLY THE HOLOGRAMS OF RANDOM HONESTY,all un..,Violet..THUS CUMULATIVELY THE BANDITS OF SHADOWY INTEGRITY,all un..)"
..(later after all settles down,Pedahzur and Yarrow's parents are with Tantrum rest went to sleep in the camp)..
Tantrum : "there's a hue of sadness about them which the older reflects more just cause of 'memory : disease of honesty'(all un..)"
The Gentleman(smile) : "well that really is self consuming Mr Tantrum.."
Tantrum : "the current arrangement Sir how far have you and 'mam come away from the MEANING..DANGER(all un..)..(both of them un..).."
The Lady(laughing..) : "man wish our advisers said these sort of things if not the primary teachers(all laugh..lot)"
The gentleman(laughing..) : "surely the debate worthed it Mr Tantrum surely(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "productively thus actually from neutrality not profitably,countering(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)"
The couple(very happy) : "thanks Mr Tantrum this surely is the best thing we heard.."
Tantrum : "rather felt(all laugh..lot)..I COULD FEEL IT COME IT'S IN AIR TONIGHT..THUS NOT BY IT..OH VULTURES HIT(all un..)/AND I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT FOR ALL ME LIFE..THUS BOTH in equilibrium END NOW..OH VULTURES SOUGH(ALL UN..)..any trepidation over logical insufficiency concealed by mathematically symbolic decorum(all un..)"
The Lady(laughing..) : "like,oh humdrum this life/oh guzzle guzzle this very strike(all un..)"
Tantrum : "analytically not objectively though no matter the predefinition of analysis,countering(all un..)"
The gentleman(smile) : "Nora never have laughed like this ages Mr Tantrum that's the happiest part for me.."
Tantrum : "to be i guess(all burst..)"
The gentleman(bit taken aback but sad,the lady too suddenly as if shocked and very dejected) : "um..well yeah i.."
Tantrum : "say i just to counter what's my exactly as i told thy no matter what you say COUNTERING me or my rhyming with any divorced association meeting venue broker business manager Sableye isn't it(all un..,..TICKLE MASTERY,..)..(the couple un..)..this is why you see about pokemons the only objection to have is to say for both sides from all angles positive neutral or negative why aren't you me(all laugh..lot)"
The couple(laughing..) : "yeah should've objected to the petition rather(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "condition of bother(all laugh..lot) cause that's the same appearing in dual thus about one why would the other bother,countering isn't it the idea of other(all un..)"
The gentleman(laughing..) : "man this is outrageous stuff really(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "intellectually not actually,countering(all burst..)"
Nora(smile) : "um..no what can we say more Mr Tantrum as we read and all has been reading each day for about 5 long years now if not 13 that truly it's just an opportunity(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "of mind as i said is why it's so confusing the theoretical probability not to the theory ever to the practice as during a moment there's only a condition no decision that's the confession of a-priori,countering(all un..)..thus this idea of difference between space and time is only the nightmare of what is defined as worry,as in reflection it has to think that it's indifferent thus to the indifference only will have to say i'm so very sorry,countering dually how to define VARY,countering(all un..,..TICKLE MASTERY,all un..).."
The gentleman(laughing..) : "man i can understand what parts we'll play now in Pidu and Arrow's life..mental that is(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "yeah but you see may be the onus was upon you given the situation i don't know but this idea of onus,it's denial and in the acceptance to to solution is something that ever baffles me as to if things don't change why name them differently only to resolve them(all un..)..but yeah may be the idea of preparation the logic of a-priori etc can pop up but the fact remains that in activation,denial,acceptance,solution,contemplation to wisdom and all are important if only they are not physical(all un..)..physique is something that is denied the first and goes on later but you see the strange thing is that it's the only thing that is default doesn't change and follows rules not defined by it though only followed exploratively not analytically(all un..)..hence in terms of physique nothing is disturbed thus rather than using it understand it think about it could be directly said that these all are done to MEAN it(all laugh..lot,..THE MEANING)..it could mean many things from duality to reality to return to duality cause otherwise there's no point going there while knowing the journey to have ends to start with(all un..) hence physically it's redundant anything is thus the meaning of physique is to define redundancy impossible unless indifferent,countering not mentally though only in actuation(all un..),hence in case of mind and physique and everything else if there isn't any difference emotions and the rest will have to make it different to each other to splinter using this mirage named intellect cause it's only a vigil against difference thus to difference indifferent(all un..),so this idea of physique in the end means only reflection compeers,reflection of being,'being : the distribution of sanity',countering 'distribution the disturbance f parity ,countering..together or just not being the other compeers no matter,countering(all un..).."
The couple(beam) : "thanks Mr Tantrum it's like so self consuming that the other can't be different for us to bother(all laugh..lot)..(both laughing)..though if we want to be us of them we'll ever have to bother mentally though not physically(all burst..)..but(both suddenly as if getting something,beaming)..we get it Mr Tantrum we get it it's like this difference so delicate you won't understand it to be indifferent unless you mentally not consciously try(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum(thumping..) : "ZIGZAGOON!(all un..)..YEARS GO BY/EXISTENCE LIVE AND DIE/AT DEATH CONSCIOUSNESS SAYS ONLY ABSTRACT NOT OBJECTIVE EXISTENCE IS MY/THUS TO BEING EXISTENCE HALLOW NEVER HI(all un..)..prospectively though not conceptually(all un..)"
The couple(laughing..) : "man no wonder those pieces sell like that(all laugh..lot)..and why the kids were so overjoyed listening to you despite the fact that they didn't understand one damn thing of it except the time line management we're sure even the youngest that's Arrow did(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "eccentrically(all un..).."
Nora(laughing..) : "no Bow this outing will be better than anything that is categorization as so absolutely(all laugh..lot)"
Bow(laughing..) : "well not always do we get to negotiate with as i can never forget that piece,'CAUTION!A HAUNTED HUMDRUM'(all un..,Brock..COMPOSERS OF SANITY,all un..,VIOLET..HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/THE CRITICAL URGE TO BE YOU AS NOT YOU PROFESSIONALLY NEVER PERSONALLY NUZZLE NUZZLE PHANTOM..CUE,all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy and ...,Brock and Violet..ready ready be steady steady/if personal then professional spatiotemporality ready ready sanity..boo,all un..,Goran and Gary un..)"
Tantrum : "notationally in order to describe not professionalize(all burst..)"
The couple(beaming) : "yeah we get you Mr Tantrum professionalism in personality(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum(thumping..) : "EGO-though-CENTRIC..shh..the most hyperbole!(the couple un..)..(all burst..)..besides you will find this part with you two only at cut price from any Police station if you want them the price is because they have the copyrights(all laugh..lot)..there's no need for authentication either if your names match with others and the situations too with others in this group today from your organization cause you know what we talked about thus don't have to listen to it again if you want to still it's considered a luxury for which the price if too high will allow people who haven't talked clamour for this thus getting the ideas and rejoicing in atleast one possible case without THE MEANING(all laugh..lot)..hence the copyright holders can't afford that hence the cut price and the normal one isn't much different certainly affordable as much as is a glass of beer at the cheapest hotel as the regulations are ultimately investigated by them if violated(all laugh..lot)..and they have to look after everyone as they have volunteered it,'ethics : the intellectual polytechnic of attentive policing..relatively in moral thus not wholly honest just being dual,countering'(all un..)"
Nora(laughing..) : "surely(all laugh..lot)"
Bow(smile) : "um..just one thing Mr Tantrum it really feels like an opportunity can i ask you something given how you show time is just the functionality of vanity(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "well i won't go into particulars Sir of hes and shes the meaning is enough(all laugh..lot) but i can tell you with much brevity that many cosmologies ago if you stopped counting just as i said ago(all un..),i was in the similar situation then even before i was in similar situation to 'mam then i thought how to get over this acceptance how to leave the path of insistence but just as the idea of leaving occurred in my mind i realized i will have to change directions thus i'll need light,snap i saw a dark spot wise roaming by my side..MADDENING(all un..,..DARK NIGHTS,all un..),so i wanted to rest there couldn't i didn't understand why i can't sit in my shadow which i do all the time mentally then i tell you compeers i could FEEL them(all laugh..lot),the vultures that sat beside me resting in my shadow told me you know this is the awakening of reaction son beware of action's redemption,in definition of active expectation countering(all un..),but as they were expecting me walk in the light or be anywhere so that i have this shadow of if to them being not me i found they getting irritated if the light was too much hence the shadow THICKENED(all laugh..lot),so i said you know compeers when you know this voidness from me you feel enlightened at dark created only by your light that rejecting the dually indefinable you has become dark but have you observed that reality has only DEEPENED(all laugh..lot) from light and dark with respect to you and not you no matter there's either shadow or no shadow yet there's this idea of being that is indeed so illusory because when you know it is real it only tells you it's duality's real accessory,countering this dark night compeer look at this necessity of shadow and light in relative necessity thus the meaning of the illusion of duality is indeed what's necessary,really isn't it countering the meaning of real duality that's what the illusion calls for to be in reflection not in VISION NECESSARY,countering(all un..)..hence this dark night always intrigued me since then compeers it's so subtle the difference between indifferent items of necessity's grocery,countering necessarily(all un..,Violet..THE VULTURES ADHERE,all un..)"
Nora(beaming) : "thanks Mr Tantrum once more.."
Bow(smiling) : "surely Nora my nature helped me this time.."
Nora(smile) : "surely.."
Tantrum(getting up straight from sitting position) : "the necessary,countering(all un..)..(going away).."
Bow(beaming) : "yes i get you Mr Tantrum i get you it's the concentration of being while being thus the outside is never the necessity any more ever the necessary hence(both he and Nora very happy hugs each other with bit of tears and smiles).."
Tantrum(from far walked away a bit,loudly,didn't hear what they said in full) : "no matter what you said compeers to this darkness of countering night never reflect the necessity of clemence,AS NECESSARY IS WHAT'S THE MOST ENGAGING,countering ain't it for it's life never in middle only before or posthumously,countering..(both Bow and Nora un..)..(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)"
..(next day,afternoon,Tantrum going to Bujnajem RC,Cerulean)..
Security : "um..excuse me Sir but this is a soft game and general hard game as well as children's game and knowledge product design and development organization so um..(all un..)"
Tantrum : "gaming as in LOGICAL GAMING i guess(all laugh..lot,..THAT LOGICAL GAME,..Brock shakes..)"
Security(confused) : "um..yeah but it's um..like not totally abstract(all un..)"
Tantrum : "obstruct(all laugh..lot)..HEY!GAMING GAMING PLAY!(all un..)/NO GAMING GAMING SAY!(all un..)/THAT WHEN YOU PLAY WHY YOU ASK US TO PLAY AS THIS SO THAT FOR US WE CAN'T SAY MAY(all un..)/THUS NOW IT'S MY TIME TO SHINE/I'M GONNA GET WHAT'S MINE..that's the abolition of your goal's spatiotemporal chime(all un..)..any confusions as to if the game is good or bad or as to how to design the game to start with logically subverted(all un..)"
Security : "right folks it's midday here we just saw a dark shadow just as the sunlight came here(all un..,..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..)"
Tantrum : "optically not notionally,countering(all un..)"
..(inside,the founder and CEOs of the company is Mr Norbert Bujona and Mrs Santina Livas Bujona,they are Galaxy's parents,they have been informed that Tantrum wants to visit)..
Norbert(scowl,record by Nora and Bow who are in important posts they were the ones to inform personally) : "absolutely not..this is a REAL place ok that dreg of society got under your skins i'm sorry to say but that's nothing new my daughter is their prime target as to why they can't overflood this sacred city corrupted by those 4 devilish flowers backstabbing the eldest who only deserve that name(all un..,..DAISYDEVIL)..those brats are the sole reason why those two disciples of theres and their fellow from Pewter and Dr Oak suddenly is coming all over this city i tell you rather it should've been them going to them as traditional ideas would say(all un..long) they have ulterior motives BOTH SETS being instigated by that jackal i tell you it's none but that brat Oscar Slate i tell you(all un..long,..Professional Commitments,all un..long)..and my daughter has been systematically gripped by their lackeys those two dregs of society like Uu..Who-Oh-Ringtone/uuu. We-ah-Forlorn(all un..long,Violet..Calculators of Horizon,all un..long)..these two brats specialize in emotional oxidation PREACHED BY THAT BRAT LIVING PAINTER thus Looming Hunter exactly why that name(all un..long) that is the given in that piece,'emotional construction : the balconies of suffocating sanity'(all un..) that is FAR FAR HIGHER TO emotional intelligence which only preaches mental management not rational test of categoric coherence(all un..,..BUBOO,all un..)..and this scoundrel is the CHIEF EXECUTIVE of their clan LEFT HAND OF JUBILEE HANDS-ON WHICH isn't polluted by any man or woman NOT EVEN IN RHYMES(all un..,..COMPENDIUM,all un..)..the right hands are now going on with their sacrilege sequel 3 here at Kanto now(all laugh..lot)..OF MENTAL CLARITY CEDING GROUND TO CORRELATIONAL VARIETY(all un..long)..and then..then all is ok but why is someone self proclaimed as Lastly A Ghastly Phantom pun intended MEANING A PLAYBOY is allowed to roam around in SOCEITY WITH FULL FREEDOM hum for 15 damn years WHY(all un..,Daisy..Lastly the PLAYBOY Continuum,all un..),anyway i don't want to talk further about this don't disturb me this isn't in our ethics you know that too sorry for my outburst but i'm too concerned about this in my personal life it's been Hauntering sorry haunting me..um..whatever..welcome never..anyway see you later(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)"
..(Bow and Nora goes to Santina's room,laughing a lot)..
Santina(after hearing the recording,laughing) : "man no wonder they get into people's heads and make them exactly like 3 year old kids(all laugh..lot)..the reason why they never bothered to go to academia beyond first sem(all un..long),it's ok i'll meet him tell him to come here his time is far more important than mine i'm going to postpone this meeting if they have objections just run tell them to read that piece your boss just mentioned(all laugh..lot)"
..(Tantrum coming in singing in hand combat walk is normal but slow due to rapid upper body movements..)..
Tantrum : "money money money money useless unless transacting with not me but..thee(all un..)/canny canny canny canny with individual psychophysical needs is the rational money..intellect rationally not mentally see(all un..)/that it's thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee just as you show that's being only the emotional deflection of..me(all un..)/hence technology or any logy means how can i be not fuzzy fuzzy thus why they themselves try to..be(all un..)..said HOOPA PA PA PA PA PA HOO/listen PA PA PA PA HOO HOO HOO HOO..or is it just dully the real dual me(all un..)..any taste of psychophysical requirement overridden by verbal spices as logically just the dish-me(all un..).."
Santina(laughing..lot,was standing outside her office,as many others with a myriad of sentiments were,Norbert wasn't present) : "welcome Mr Randy Tantrum to technical world(All laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "no it's an opportunity as ever to modify the ever EAGER ever wisdom HUNGRY SANITY(all un..)..anyway compeers i come here to meet either Mr or Mrs Bujona the CEOs of this RC impossible unless there's only one HQ or conglomerate strangely(all un..),countering the idea of geography,psychophysically(all un..)"
Santina(laughing..) : "yeah i'm Mrs Bujona the co-owner here let's talk in the office.."
Tantrum : "situated graphically not actually,spatially countering the intelligence of being actively in necessities in necessary only as modally(all un..)"
Santina(laughing..) : "anyway Mr Nomrob i'll have to excuse myself as you know cause given my future by every means of the words it truly will be an opportunity(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "mental restorability(all un..)..for reformability of time you may visit any Police Station at 11 city compeers ever in service hence time as i said will reform itself from past to present unless you no more require it in future understanding the reflection of tense,countering(all un..)"
A few staffs(hesitant but excited) : "um..'mam can we talk a bit more here like it's truely an opportunity(all burst..).."
Santina(laughing) : "surely if he wishes.."
Tantrum : "'wish : the inflation of logic'(all un..),anything else as to definition of wish the necessary subverted as mere taxonomic necessity(all un..)..no(all un..),thanks(all laugh..lot)..money canny be..Ei/why you not me#..A Random Tryrantum,#,.."
..(inside)..
Tantrum : "right compeer i have only one question as to your son Mr Eritak(all laugh..lot) there is a memorandum of understanding between Ms Daisy Waterflower the current gym leader here who is adamant to oppose our services unless to prove our sanctity of character by engaging with other characters strangely the reason for us to behave the way we do to begin with(all un..,..DAISYDEVIL,Daisy..OH HUMDRUM THIS PROFESSIONAL RECTITUDE/OH GUZZLE THUS THE PHANTOM OF CRITICAL APTITUDE,all un..)..so anyway this hinders our movements here in terms of the gym's jurisdictions she did override Mrs Celia Smith Waterflower's policy of revolution to non-cooperation only(all laugh..lot) which atleast means we can provide our services if asked there but i'm not in the charts of the Oak labs anymore as to provisioned worker for 5 and half years now(all laugh..lot) so she had to desist from trying to ban me from the pokemons activities there as you can't hinder a vagabond from being so it's against his rights(all laugh..lot) the rest of the factory is official workers so that's understandable but i'm not an employee for them so it's not a trouble logically that is given employment is the tenacity of conjunction(all un..) but then Mr Eritak comes from the Cerulean Gym itself is the brother of the main chef there for 2 years now we know him very well forever compeer Mr Romelu Eritak great man great man(all laugh..lot).."..this is an opportunity impossible to miss if observed(all laugh..lot,Tracey shakes..).."
Lillie(laughing..) : "well i was 5 months into being a full time employee here as a professional finally 5.5 very long years after my lion was personalized(all laugh..lot)..then ok the gym wasn't well Dase had run out of her time as a leader many years back and a performer now was 49 and 10 for God's sake(all laugh..lot)..anyway so she was contemplating on what to do afterwards and chose to return to lead around on the weekends THAT FEELING(all laugh)..anyway it was midnight Trace was staying at Cerulean for works which was very crucial as the Frucifern problem went out of hand and it was just time before Elite4 stepped in and Mehu made some decisions which me and my lion always said were rash like Brawn but the rest were so hellbent to see a sellout especially Kunzie not to speak about Oskie(all laugh..lot)..now Doctor Slate was incensed with how Poppy and Mehu were suffering and their hubbies weren't doing anything infact giving all the impression that they were literal playboys now,Zed wasn't giving any importance to anything,Margin and Blithie were trying to control the situation,Ciddy and Gladie were disagreeing with each other sinusoidally each passing moment(all laugh..lot) and the rest all were against all in terms of supporting even Lui but Penny was a staunch supporter of the elder master brats saying they shouldn't have shut the doors or(laughing) not ask for alimony(all un..,Goran and Poppy un..)..man my lion always said see what childhood infatuation does to people(all laugh..lot)..anyway then Dr jackal was contemplating what only he knew cause at the same time he wasn't attached to it(all burst..,Gary,Goran,Goy and Stash..THE BOMMERANG FROM BUSHES,all un..,Tracey too un..)..man it's so true you know that notice Dr jackal sent to us(all laugh..lot,..TRACEY LOOKING MOST CONNIVING FOX,all laugh..more..)..and then ofcourse Aurie,Benji and gang were also with Dr jackal staunchly and their other halves weren't with anyone but with(laughing) The Master Brat(all burst..,Goran,Goy and ...)..who was enjoying the situation so much some gyms complained as to make him behave properly(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS DILEMMA/THUS OH GUZZLE GUZZLE PHENOMENA,all un..,..MASTER BRAT,. un..) anyway so all these were becoming bigger as both Doctor Slate and Dr jackal had already resigned only spending their days doing Kanto and Pasio packing up anyway i was about to get to sleep needed to do a night vigil from 3:00 as usual just as the brats woke upto Kalos wisdom now being disseminated around the world(all laugh) but then suddenly my phone rings and at that time barring my direct family,Brauchy Man,Brauchy Man(all burst..)..man he says i'm 70 ok(all laugh..lot) to 69 of the other half that's Sarah of all people(all laugh..lot) then the exception list included obviously Mr Limousine White(all laugh..lot),the eureka ones(all laugh..lot),aunty and ofcourse this all means you'll be intruded by Master Brat if he somehow feels from your brats that you're not him(all laugh..lot) and that's for anyone cause if he smelt thickening of emotions he never called personally always generally thus deepening the situation(all laugh..lot) now Gorrie and Goy were off the list as if it mattered to them or us or the judiciary(all laugh..lot,Goran,Goy and ...) so i was thinking who it can be except Master Brat but for the first time in my life i thought is technology able to play practical jokes HANDS-ON(all laugh..lot),showed Gary he was as much bewildered,anyway i receive,um..what's up bro,no i'm sorry to disturb you Lil but is Mehu alright there(all laugh..lot),i said yeah was on my nerves about half an hour ago this time arguing why Goy is way better in faculty of vanishing binoculars to my focal aptitude to discern only provided a recurrent not potentially biased tower(all un..,Goy..young flower dream,Mehadi un..  oy) so nothing's wrong(all laugh..lot),ok but you may ring her up i was informed a few moments ago by Rick that there's no trace of Trace and Dase which didn't bode well with me given all situations there at the lab and Brock it could be subversion given their agitation may have encouraged a few more that they have to keep in hand but may not be able to given their own agitated states hence called you as even Romu was out of reach(all laugh..lot),i said um..ok i'll check and Romu not responding at night to Jubilee Hands-On is a very strange phenomena indeed(all laugh..lot) well as i said all had to respond to Guzzle Humdrum if he wished to talk else you'll be booked for breeching justice(all laugh..lot) and no Zed's only fear was what happens when their brats turn on them especially Trace given him being not a trainer after 20 years of too much bonhomie(all laugh..lot)..and his preceptors would be Doctor Slate,Ms Volbeat and DaisyDevil(all laugh..lot)..all would've gone to the Unovan bushes first up unless they were related to the master brats(all laugh..lot,Goy..Gary THEY..THEY TRY TO FOIST INSOLVENCY OF DICHOTOMY IN CONCEPTION UPON MY VISION OF DISTORTION OF MEDIATION OF IDEAS BETWEEN LOGIC AND INTELLECT BY FORCING ATTENTIVELY SATURATED NOT ENCIRCULATED INTUITION IN IT,all un..,Goran..reply is,Gorrie I WARN YOU,DON'T TRY TO AMALGAMATE HER INTO QUESTIONS,all un..,Genkai and Blossom..as years go by/on the fly/where i know how to tell myself how to fly/thus the flight to me say hallow never hi,all un..,Goran,Goy and Stash..THE PROFESSIONAL ONES,all un..,un..laughs..Gary who also un..)..well atleast we didn't say like,Lil they..they try to know us(all un..,Goran and Poppy,Goy and Mehadi un..,Genkai and Blossom..YEARS GO BY/YOU SAY I AM NEIGH/WHEN TO YOU I EVER SAY HI/BUT I STRANGELY ANSWER TO YOU SAYING INEXISTENCE IS THE COFACTOR OF STEP-BY-STEP LOGIC WHEN YOU SURPRISINGLY GIGGLE THAT IS REFLECTED INTELLECTUALLY AS NEVER WELCOME EVER BYE,all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS EVER FOREVER/OH GUZZLE GUZZLE HENCE NOW NOT NEVER,all un..,Brock..GUZZLE A NOMINATED HUMDRUM,all un..,. UN..),anyway(all laugh..lot) so i called Sarah and Brauch no answers Romu no answer so was a bit worried called Mehu no answer as well called Dase no answer so after 10 such calls just as we were about to alarm our lab and family there call comes Romu,Ah Lil couldn't you wait was at Opera rest couldn't be bothered to answer this mundane life(all un..,Goy..STANDNING IN THE BUSHES OF TIME NOT EVEN THAT WHINE,all un..,Daisy un..,Goran and Gary..THE ORTHOGONAL ONES,all un..,Tracey too un..)..indefinitely(all laugh..lot),anyway then i asked Romu what do you mean,just shut up and return tomorrow bye(all laugh..lot),now my lion heard this then immediately asks if Ventie was present or not,they said no,hmm..pokemon observer..hmm(all laugh..lot),observing the designated resignation thus learning it's inter-administrative propagation..hmm..(all burst..,Tracey and Daisy un..),i understood it hence was very happy as to finally the jackal had to humane up as well directed by Ventie's CONSCIOUS REVOLUTION against existential logic if not the situation of resignation no matter the fact that his beau would've followed him herself which he knew more than anyone(all laugh..lot,Goy,Gary and Goran..OH MY DEAR ONES DON'T ASK FOR OUR INDENTITY/READ OUR CHARACTERISTICS-WE ARE JCAKAL OF SOCIETY,all un..,Stash..the futuristic ones,all un..,Tracey and Daisy un..),absolutely so(all laugh..lot),then i still thought what do they mean by Soap surely there's something for Romu to be so excited still,no that i understand Lil soap by all means cause when we had our moments he told me i told him the sequences asked me but um..weren't you as in definition of you a bit um..construed(all un..),so i realized and later saw the video too recorded by Sarah from the closed door not totally(all laugh..lot) infact that was the wearing house so cameras and audios were on too Sarah monitored it with Brauchy later Shane and Romu saw together others were blocked off as to no disturbances allowed from their sisters Mehu flower was at reservation whole night Dr jackal wickedly got Ventie as i said involved playing revenge is a confession of pain hallucinations on him(all laugh..lot,..DR JACKAL,Tracey un..) then i go next day all too jubilant Romu said man i've been single forever but Dase giggled and hugged him he doesn't hug back saying(laughing)..enough Dase no need to go overboard after all these years of practicing PATIENCE it's a good habit(all un..,Brock..OH MY DEAR BRO DON'T ORDER ME TO SORT OUT MY PERSONALITY/CAUSE LOOK AT MY PROFESSIONAL COMMITMENTS THUS THE HABITS-AS I'M THE JACKAL OF REGISTRY,all un..,Tracey too un..),man Dr jackal at Pasio twice was out of this world absolutely(all laugh..lot) anyway then Dase was giggling still says surely you're no Inline Slight(all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy and Stash..MR RELINE HEIGHT,all un..)..yeah thus only the holistic family(all laugh..lot),no they are a bit more interpolated in terms of accent of condition than us the probables of sophistication isn't it(all un..,..DR JACKAL),then Dase herself was laughing like nothing said this is revenge of confession(all un..) then(laughing..) Sarah said i thought given her character like Poppy and Mehu,Dase will atleast have a proper moment so the audiovisual was off but(laughing..) Romu looked at me as i wasn't there said why would someone who reveals himself as an observation be bothered to adjust characters of his projection rather interjection(all un..,..THE FITTED ONES,Tracey and Daisy un..),so my lion said atleast the unfolding ones took the food before shutting the door unlike your baby Gyarados(all un..,..Goy and Mehadi too un..),anyway(all laugh..lot) then the rest of the recording there Dr jackal showed what sort of a creature can only foster Pasio Boy with his headless Gyaradosy wife together throughout Pasio bushes while feeding Poppy flower of enough incentives to stay focused and satisfying his beau with enough duality to be abjectly sweared each time(all laugh..lot) besides after all these he had to babysit the brat's of Column Jargon(all laugh..lot) so yeah this was most outrageous all means which they watched for hours to understand what it meant actually(all laugh..lot)"
Tracey(laughing..) : "no these brats intrude my personal life always(all laugh..lot),well these are far better still than saying like yeah she was nice Goy,i guess effectively you meant(all un..)..or saying like yeah it was ok great match that one he is a X time champ not for nothing,i guess with respect to his gratification as a being you meant(all un..,Goran and Poppy un..)..and the other halves screeched in unison,TRACE WE WARN YOU DON'T APPLY YOURSELF WHEN TALKING WITH THEM(all un..,Goy and Goran..TOFFEE FLOWER GLEAM,both Mehadi and Poppy un..  oy and Goran respectively)..man that was truest hell even Doctor Slate wickedly skipped those two years having poked them enough for previous 2 and half at MY cost(all laugh..lot)..and still if that wasn't enough i finally go to sleep on top of a tree in a swampland facilitated and tendered by Tornadus of all brats(all laugh..lot),why don't Mehadi just marry Goy Niji surely you'll want it in your brother's situation in future(all laugh..lot),yeah i did Trace(all laugh..lot) but just as i was told you i saw this shadow of me Trace attachment is the chalice of notion ain't it distraction to that being of detachment in analogy,countering it's existential notation(all un..)..YOU ARE THE SHADOW OF MY FIGHTS(ALL UN..)/THUS I'M THE NARROWNESS OF THY SIGHTS(all un..),i said i'm sleeping it's half past 1 AT NIGHT IN THE EXACT MIDDLE OF DUBRONBUS SWAPLANDS,PASIO with 4 pokemons one a 5 month old Snorlax(all burst..)..another two are Toxtricity and Weezing who are asking me in unison when i sleep because i want to take a break from tangible memories do i also in intangibilities fret over the fact that what if during me what's my blip referentially we meant not statistically(all un..)..man what sort of lifeforms i had to face there then at Ransei carry one listening to another reflecting Pasio(all laugh..lot,Cedar and Gladys,Goran and Poppy,Genkai and Blossom,Ash,Rakim,Lixue,Nirja,Stash,Goy and Mehadi un..)..certainly derelicts of honesty by all means(all laugh..lot).."
Nirja(laughing..) : "COUNTERING!(ALL burst..,..MASTER BRAT)..well still it's all about that feel isn't it no matter detached from all else countering(all laugh..lot)..anyway then this restarts atleast Dr jackal or Doctor Slate weren't infatuated with us countering(all laugh..lot,Goran,Poppy,Goy,Mehadi and Gary..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,Tracey and Brock shake..lot)..polynomially(all laugh..lot)..anyway this restarts..
..(Santina and Tantrum in Santina's office)..
Santina(laughing..) : "um..yeah it's been 2 years since i know my son professionally for 1.5 definitely concatenated legally for 1 in-law for last half of year only the papers remain(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "well i realize this 'mam but the way you described your experiences of them it appears to me as a concept which i want to clarify by asking you that are you sure they know that they are happy together and WILL be happier(all laugh..lot shaking..)"
Santina(a bit thoughtful) : "well even if that we never found any troubles neither with behaviour nor anything gross..like nothing convolves from here.."
Tantrum : "nebulously indeed,countering(all burst..)..this counter will not be validated unless it's that game 'mam you will know the best any game has a goal and a path to it if it was inflected at each moment it will stay the barring the desire to play rather relegated to a automatic whip,MENTALLY(all un..).."
Santina(laughing..lot) : "yeah certainly does as the Phantom reveals(all laugh..lot)..(internal call comes Norbert)..(laughing even more)..it's your uncle why don't you receive refused to meet you at all cost(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "existentially indeed so true(all burst..).."
Norbert(call,wanting to say something) : "um..Santie are you.."
Tantrum(answering) : "existent compeer are you applied in attentive stasis(all un..)"
Norbert(very angry but in a meeting so low voice) : "you..what the hell are you doing here huh.."
Tantrum : "provably in self indeed Sir consciousness duh(all un..)"
Norbert(very angry) : "you lowlife..this meeting will.."
Tantrum : "if not attended cost you a fortune thus why don't you attend to the meaning statistic's applied platoon,countering(all un..)"
Norbert(very angry) : "you..here talk with my guest today Mr Ferran Mogbon,owner of Getramver RC.."
Ferran(angry) : "Stashey listen..(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "this is strange compeer this is incredible that you won't trust statistics but is certain that is it what is it's name,countering(all un..)"
Ferran(frown) : "what do you know about business trust Randy i don't believe you know anything more than just rhymes of name like that logical game which now you're playing intruding offices mind that for your morality(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "at convenience ever compeer exactly why probability always precedes what you can reclaim but strangely not what you will then claim..in terms of logical inflection though not deductive rendition(all un..).."
All the persons in the meeting(connected,very angry) : "we tell you Mr Norbert we're leaving this deal unless this dreg of society is removed from here.."
Tantrum : "to there as you believe to this is not fair thus indeed the conservation of equality is not mere,countering(all un..),alternatively they there believe you to be everywhere to be them thus anywhere they want to go to the emotional fair where they want to be them thus not them so excruciatingly with them ever adhere to remove which all conflicts they do bear in the end only to find existence with them except for their mind never share,countering(all un..)..thus in the end they leave this affair to be fair on unfair they become magnanimous emotion through practice against them plays the attentive music's musical chair,countering(all un..)..thus indeed no matter them or anyone is here to play around without any causation nothing else is here..shh..thus it's the most CAPTIVATING,logically though not notionally countering isn't it..shh..MADDENING(all un..)..you know many years back when i was of your age if you know your current(all un..) once many i found doing things doing them for no reason really they liked to do it they wanted to BE what they they were doing they did it spontaneously they did it just cause they could act but i wasn't doing anything so they told me you should do man you should do but you know once motivated being ashamed of my ineptitude i went to work but just as i was about to do i tell you know i could FEEL Them(all laugh..lot)..they said you're working now compeer you're working now for incertitude just to remove it isn't it but would it go compeer would it go at all unless you do inaction look you've contradicted yourself countering isn't it compeer isn't it(all un..)..but then i saw them practicing inaction without any objectives or abstraction but there they were afflicted my the idea of self in action though not logic(all un..),so then i heard something else from another source which they asked me what does it MEAN(all laugh..lot),i said it's strange why you would ask if you want to know what it means,reflecting yourself isn't it as a self counter(all un..) this is what i heard compeers hence told you,they said we only heard one word in many forms,i said countering expectation from duality isn't it(all un..)..this is what they said that's what i'm saying listen again with how they showed it in that stance(all un..)..(puts up a hand combat stance..)..
HOOPA PA PA HOO..HOOPA PA PA HOO..WHY AGAIN THEN CONFINE HOOPA PA PA PA..HOO HOO(ALL UN..,..HOOPA CONFINED,all un..)/DUALITY REVOLT HOO HOO PA PA HOO no self interest like that PA PA HOO HOO HOO but what will we get PA HOO PA HOO PA reality hush professionalism UNBOUND HOO HOO(all un..,Goran,Goy and Stash..PROFESSIONAL HOOPA PERSONALLY UNBOUND,all un..,Gary too un..)/DUALITY SAY PA HOO PA HOOPA PA PA PA HOOPA/REALITY WHY ASK WHY IT IS PA PA PA(all un..)..thus you know next moment i heard you challenging me for a logical game i don't know why compeers i only came here to discuss why you're against yourself compeer by you wanting your reflection impossible unless you're there to start with countering isn't it intellectually though not mentally(all un..)..anyway thus i only told you i'm surprised compeers as you called me so i said,HOOPA PA PA HOO WHY ASKING HOW DO YOU DO PA PA PA PA AS YOU'RE DOING IT YOURSELF HOO HOO SO HOW CAN I TO MYSELF BE TRUE(all un..)/HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO IF I KNEW THIS WHOLE AS TO BE YOU PA HOO PA HOO HOO THEN WHY WOULD I ANSWER TO ME HOO HOO PA HOO PA HOO BUT ME AS YOU(all un..)/PA HOO PA HOO PA LISTEN to the silence of pure being HOOPA PA PA PA thus enjoy it's purity HOO HOO PA PA PA HOO implausibly though as so says else YOU as you will become a cue(all un..)/THUS HOO PA HOO HOO HOO PA PA HOO HOO HOO PA PA HOO PA HOO ISN'T ALL THIS JUST TO INGINTE THIS VERY INDESCRIBABLE OF ENSUE(all un..)..la la la la la say Hoo Hoo Pa Pa Pa read la la la la la la inflect Hoopa(all un..)/Hoopa Hoo Pa Pa PA Pa Hoo Hoo Pa reflect emotion asking la la or just Pa(all un..)..answer thus as the RAY not mere beams not penetrating the captivation enough rhyming infinite as QUA QUA AH QUA QUA AH QUA QUA AH ZA ZA(all un..)/Gira Gira Ra Tina Tina Na read why asking to understand why anything that's there only cause it's another ASKS PAL KIA AH(all un..)..any disregard for state of arts in philosophy noticed(all un..,..HOOPA UNBOUND,all un..).."
Norbert(frown) : "no thanks(cuts off)..(all laugh..lot)"
Santina(happy) : "thanks Randy surely they can't escape any deal now nor we with deliberations(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "impossible if professional actually only opportunistic for personification(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,Gary too un..)"
Santina(laughing..) : "yeah there's a whole volume at house since day 8 years before#..that we hear each day as if it's such a lofted goldmine of philosophy(all laugh..lot)..and no it's pretty voluminous as they are municipal audiobooks from 0-end day people countering everyone(all burst..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)..so yeah technology has been something mythical i was just in my final year you know when Pewter Jokes and Cerulean Hopes made it's debut#..no it's ok from my part Laxy wants to spend time now at the factory and Rubu is only pushing her to make a decision quickly else he's anyway going(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "ofcourse he is positionally to counter thus appearing to encounter but why would you ask(all un..,..GUZZLE A RANDOM HUMDRUM,all un..,...)"
..................................
(Tantrum about to go out of the building,Mr Ferran was also going outside he actually followed Tantrum there was alone)
..................................
Ferran(frown) : "just a second Randy we need to talk(all laugh..lot,Goy,Goran and Stash..FREEZE,all un..)"
Tantrum(going away not stopping) : "don't make decisions in haste Sir you are in an important moment like any given your reason to be here today..you know how to summon us and how Pallet Police is so honest morally though not ethically(all un..)..(goes away).."
Ferran(while in car,angry) : "hey hey who are you veiling as Mottie#.."
The Driver(supposedly Mottie) : "go to sleep so you leave/from my to profit/alas surviving looks to office.."
Mottie(getting in from ahead,giggle) : "of something/alas sustains/only if done..definition/ drowns under own obtained..(too happy)..oh driving..along a path look over to not/what is my alas thy is only i's last/frontier/else so near..is my grass/alas then oh thy reign as my sweet onus#..Onus Fender,#,.."
Ferran(very angry) : "Nihu you lowlife why have you made this car the Office of so far hum#.."
Car(many sounds etc self driving but not in straight line as if dancing) : "oh my alas..not sentenced..to be sentient..by some..objects proven reflected's..so to sleep..qualia..help then to be own..alas now look at me..how can you be not my own#..Drown Under,#,..alas oh memories..trying to..escape spontaneous..thus is spitting froth..what is already known..to sidestep..who's grasp..look a centre to know something which is alas recurring oh mind whose painting#..Proven Umpteen,#,..thus habits..and ethics..does take..a hold..and then..ok then..alas why any's more#..Office Answer,#,..so to sleep..oh to beat..this house..should pass.into space..known as hence..sentience made of unknown elements don't mask#.."
Mottie(giggle) : "saw sir saw how it's not only your home according to relativity of space and own..like
prefer prefer..total/else but refer again full FATAL#..Buster Slash,#,.."
..................................
(later same day late evening,Tantrum at Cerulean City gym)
..................................
Shane(the security head,a bit concerned) : "um..we're closed officially at this time Stashey(all burst..) so if you could wait a bit(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "apparently in present not technically with respect to temporal conservation of action dynamic and static if you want logic to be transparent..acutely though not minutely(all un..)"
Shane(laughing..) : "um..no Dase is just a bit tizzy after gym hours that's why(all laugh..lot,..DaisyDevil) anyway you may go will be too happy only in hindsight given similar sort of outlooks on everything(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "reliably,countering(all un..)..but i need to spend the whole day here today hence you might be able to tell me i need to meet a certain Mr Ruben Eritak and a Mr Wayne Mukhareb where may i find these people(all laugh..lot),in among the bunch(all burst..,Goran,Goy,Gary and all the Waterflower,sisters un..)"
Shane(laughing..lot) : "well no both live outside as persons(all burst..) but will be here from anywhere today to grab this opportunity(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "thus in consequence not incidence,countering 'relevance : the frugality of conscience in desperation',countering(all un..)"
Shane(laughing..) : "um..yeah i understand Randy why you're at home now certainly looking at the youngest three certainly(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "unanimously(all un..)"
Shane(laughing..) : "um..yeah i understand what happens to personality(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : " the fiction of mental reliability appearing as diction of intellectual durability,dually countering really dangling as whole the opposite if any one part is taken the meanings compeer..sh..MADDENING(all un..)"
Shane(laughing..) : "yeah countering dually surely(all un..).."
Tantrum : "you seem to be old compeer..older the aspiration/colder the prediction/of dual relation/thus newly idealized is the renovated logic..sanity's desperate perspiration(all un..)..hence this gym indeed is interesting the name the type the forms the characters(all laugh..lot)..ATTENTIVELY THE MOST DESTABILIZING,in terms of personal emotions though not clinical characterization of 'self : the correction of honesty's moral discombobulation',countering(all un..,Stash..WATERFIRE)"
Shane(bursting..laughter) : "um..yeah i'm Shane Mukhareb also Pablo's bosom frie.."
Tantrum(clapping..) : "GARBODOR!(all un..)..tacitly though neither analogically nor relatively(all un..)"
Shane(suddenly a bit physically aware) : "um..hallow Mr Intolip,Mrs Fudatir and you all..um..if you could wait a bit.."
Mr Intolip(frown) : "if this dreg of causality doesn't have to neither does we move it#.."
Mrs Fudatir(scowl) : "and we'll see what happens despite this own agnostic#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
Tantrum : "now : the loan of aough..the most besieged the least conceived..thus the nutralest new : the causal agnostic..shh..so must potency#..A Random Tryrantum,#,.."
Mr Intolip&Mrs Fudatir(angry) : "you lowlife why are you hindering profit hum#.."
Tantrum : "profit : the job of analytics..the most surviving..the least needing..as part of metaphysics..THIS : the repugnance of is..shh..so much CONSCIOUSNESS#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
Mr Intolip&Mrs Fudatir(angry) : "we'll churn () out of self proclaimed trustees based on definitions take that you dependence recurring b..#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
Tantrum : "Recurrence : The Definition of Missed#..Define Defer,#,."
Shane(after they leave,curious) : "just a thing Stashey#..that we hear many things how people reluctant stays outside society how they don't how the reluctance and detachment works and how in many many cases it's referred to your clan#..so um..how did you approach these situations#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
Tantrum : "complimentary funs/proactive runs/realization guns/consciousness puns/progress only with/alone honest switch/competition ever whips/sorry seems so such sweet/forking of heuristics takes a hold/this then that not yet existence oceanic reality ever cold/obviously thus a necessary is the escape of old/resultant never will be new unless passage doesn't hold/thus compassion ethereal/dissolution commercial/wisdom alas thus in-self ephemeral/left what Onus thus Fending surreal..shh..so illusive..any opinions veiled as own#.."
Shane(un..laughing) : "Answer too Topic Owned..shuu..Focal Bludgeon..halt can it be mural Siphon..boo illusion..shuu..hands-on..Phantom : The Lie of One#.."
Tantrum : "One compeer if it is alas i'm done,countering#..Gamblers of Repercussions,#,.."
..(Tantrum getting inside is around reservation)..
Security : "um..but you at a reservation without a permit at this time of night um..day(all un..,Daisy..DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..) this is um..not advantageous to your type(all un..)"
Tantrum : "prospectives of emotional hype anything else(all burst..)"
Daisy(was inside just finishing her practice at reservation) : "whose this Connor at this time(all laugh..lot).."
Connor(bit concerned) : "um..you may come and see 'mam that will be the best(all laugh..lot)"
Daisy(scowl) : "i see those two scoundrels from Quaquaversal then finally(all laugh..lot,..DaisyDevil).."
Tantrum(Daisy comes in) : "ahoy Dase are you a being now Dase are you thoughtful or attentive of your individuality(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "i see ethics in due morality(all laugh..lot)..the same is telling me first you've trespassed,second is breaching security at reservation if not by your very presence at a gym given your track record(all laugh..lot,Daisy..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,...) thirdly is here to compel me to dance to your tunes by spoiling my family and brothers and sisters,so given all this situation what you expect me to answer in answering your question(all laugh..lot)..and no no i know what you're gonna talk about ok you're gonna explain enormity of the dividends of an individual in order to poke rationality and i'm not buying that stuff for your information cause my bros Weyo and Hemu told me about this when we were 3.5 on how you're going to become obsessed with facilitation not celebration of clarity so i know this character of years for 20 years now(all un..long)"
Tantrum : "for my expectation is that you would annotate the concerns of your logical system cause that's what i asked you for as i know already that you being a perception of being to me means to my self i'm an exception(all un..,Daisy..OH HUMDRUM THIS PERCEPTION/OH GUZZLE GUZLLE EXCEPTION,all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "i see,Connor tell them to keep central battlefield open for Mr Stash Ketchum yes that SHOULD be the name in register of this character(all burst..,Daisy and ...)"
Tantrum : "collaboratively(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "yeah let's go"
Tantrum : "yeah to the dining definitely do you have a video there i need to talk with Ruben thus Galaxy,Wayne thus Ruth(all laugh..lot) and also while the food is there Mr Romelu,your youngest 3 sisters any version would do the other will be interested given today on only cue or sue(all burst..,Violet,Lillie,Poppy,Mehadi and ...) and Seth and Fiesta the textual ones(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "yeah i see(all laugh..lot)"
..(Phantom suddenly zapping inside in front of Daisy)..
Phantom : "greetings compeer..intention look description now Phantom(all un..long,Daisy..Lastly the Playboy Concern,all un..long)"
Daisy(very angry) : "you algorithmic b..(all un..long,..DaisyDevil..,#)"
Phantom(singing as Tantrum swings Daisy..) : "swing..little Grimmsnarl#/swing high in the i/thus don't ever look to detaching's of the formulating rounds(all un..long,..THE FITTED ONES,Tracey and Daisy un..long)/if you're looking for freedom's rainbows/look up to the i/but never oh never look down at my#..Tracey and Daisy..LASTLY THE PLAYBOY DICTION,#.."
Daisy(now put down,very angry,tries to kick Phantom who desists by making her sit while holding her head which she bits) : "take this for health you b..#..what do you know of ratification of renumeration of foundational non-identification hum#..Adebayo+Zoi..WaterFire,#,all the Waterflower Sisters too un..long#"
Phantom : "well i only know that this jackal Dase is intellectually cunning,situationally wicked,inductively sly and recurrently vindictive being the fox of rectification#..Tracey too un..long#..what can you understand further about your career in connection#"
Daisy(scowl) : "atleast he's going to be humane on conditions take that you b..#..Violet&Lillie&Poppy&Mehadi..as,I'm THE JACKAL OF NOTATION#.."
Phantom(going away) : "well i only said what i know honesty now Phantom morality let's fro(all un..long,Daisy..Lastly the Playboy Junction,#"
Daisy(frown) : "away from reservation yeah#"
Phantom : "towards the ethics of Ohh but characters of semblance imputes an extra layer on it if character is takes as essence not though substance thus becoming patience makes all as Oh so demure#"
Daisy(scowl) : "what's your problem with my personal life Ash#.."
Phantom : "Ash : notions if in serendipity#..anything left#..no#..discerned potions of consciousness applicable to intelligence let's go..gratified#Daisy..lastly the playboy function,#"
..(in privacy)..
Daisy(frown) : "yeah whatever do you accept food or only water(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "well here it doesn't matter what it is infact here you eat what i order you know i've been here so many times Dase you can never count how many but i remember a being there with your more subtle version(all burst..,Goy,Mehadi,Goran,Poppy,Gary,Lillie and Stash..TRACEY OF SUBTLETY,Tracey un..),that man i know forever you know this term haven't met yet.."
Daisy(frown) : "and this is the sort of character that is presentable countering ESPECIALLY Monogram(all burst..,Violet..PLAYBOY Symptoms,Goy and Mehadi un..)"
Tantrum : "conditionally if presented you would've added a random,countering(all un..).."
Daisy(frown) : "Stashey i warn you don't spoil my kids at night(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "thus you see we know one other for a long time Dase why would you waste your time with sanity Dase why rhyming with Inkay(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "because i want to corroborate to my experiment of attachment(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "i see the most ensuing(all burst..) but what was that with that l..d..(all laugh..shaking..)"
Daisy(frown) : "none of your business.."
Tantrum : "no i realize that i realize that many years ago just as i started to talk now..(all burst..,Daisy,Stash,Gary,Goran and Poppy,Goy and Mehadi un..)"
Mehadi(coming in) : "hey Dase..(sees Tantrum,very angry)..you b.. why are you here hum if you're so logical about space this is recurrence of rendering maze(all un..long,Goy..BABY GYARADOS,all un..).."
Tantrum : "to realize once more how poor is your perception Mehu exactly as your nickname suggests so effective in being so moist if it looms,countering(all un..,Goy..YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,Mehadi un..)"
Mehadi(frown) : "shut up you b.. i'm way better at reception of degrees of intuition in qualia(all un..,Goy..TOFFEE-FLOWER,Mehadi un..)"
Tantrum : "thus susceptible to deductive intrigue not conductible vestige to the observation of sampling of intelligentsia(all burst..)"
Mehadi(shout) : "shut up!i'm.."
Tantrum : "objection compeer you mean reflectively the prognosis that's emotion's neutrally systolic video cam(all un..)"
Mehadi(scowl) : "why are you so hellbent to know about me hum HE never does.. takes that you operational b..(all un..long,Goy..YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,all un..long,Mehadi too un..long) cause he knows prevalence of juxtaposed unanimity unlike a b.. of conformity like you(all un..long,..THE DARKENED ONES)"
Tantrum : "see Dase with this sort of vapourous nature it's hard to remain of parity rapturous..academically though not incidentally(all burst..)"
Mehadi(scowl) : "it's not a.."
Tantrum : "no it's not i know very well but that's not exclusive to not me hence i'm scared compeer,scared of 'procrastination : the effect of conducive not hyperbolic parity'(all un..)"
Violet(coming in..) : "Mehu whom..(frown)..i see the baby bandit of deception(all burst..)..why are you in a civilized building at night that's not Boulder hum(all burst..,Gary..Stash and all the Waterflower sisters un..)"
Tantrum : "you know it's a very strange question Viol as to why would you ask having permuted space to the application of a comb rhymes saw(all un..)"
Violet(scowl) : "what is your trouble with our lifestyles Stashey(all un..long,Stash..WATERFIRE,all the Waterflower sisters un..)"
Tantrum : "i should talk about that when i take my meal here you should be there too with a video that means it will be in the general communication room so you should get going there let me arrange things here don't bother i know this place in abstract gross never mattered except for how to construct countering isn't it(all un..)"
Poppy(coming in) : "who..oh you let's go i'm hungry hey why are you three standing here like abject morons(all burst..,Stash..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE,Poppy un..)"
Tantrum : "see Dase what i was telling you(all laugh..lot)"
Poppy(thoughtful) : "um..i guess you having come at this time told her to be more generative of self generative logical commotions in possibilities rather than training to be perceptive of non coalition between reaction and spontaneity(all un..)"
Tantrum : "if i didn't recognize you as indifferent i would've made sure i look at myself better hence would've said SPIRITOMB!(all burst..) but what does this moment mean to all of you..in terms of crispness though of universal set not the smoothening of local optima(all un..)"
Lillie(coming in,heard Tantrum) : "um..yeah in terms of asymptotes that's personality but why would anyone ask that of you Stashey rather than how to potentially upend it by means of semantical preponderance rather than subjective assurance thus making personality a mere note of mental inflection the crispness of universal being(all un..,..LILLIE FLOWER,all laugh..more)"
Tantrum : "well if you're then the answer is that by means of relevance if you can get anything but sentience then why try for either,countering(all un..)"
Lillie(thoughtful) : "um..yeah but i don't understand this resurgence of generality in any attainment of specific(all un..)"
Tantrum : "you do understand it Lil what you don't is why you're obdurate to know it more just like all of your sisters(all laugh..lot,Stash..WATERFIRE)"
Mehadi(scowl) : "shut up you b.. unlike these b.. i'm way better at organization of metrics rather than deliberation of intuitive optics take that you b..(all un..,..BABY GYARADOS)"
Lillie(frown) : "yeah surely are in terms of entropy not herpetology(all un..)"
Poppy(thoughtful) : "um..no that is obvious for Mehu but also this answer from you being perceptive of accommodation not conglomeration of personal logic not professional methodologies(all un..)"
Violet(scowl) : "yeah also unlike your situational dilution to universality not prognosis of repetitive dimensional insistence to emotional breakage to immunization of serendipities(all un..)"
Poppy(scowl) : "atleast unlike primarily you and those two and especially Dase i'm not biting the feelings cause it's also a bite to response(all un..,all the Waterflower sisters except Violet..JUST LET IT LIVE ONLY IN THAT FEEL,all un..,..DASHING ROCK,Violet un..,Brock hides..lot)"
Violet(angry trying to pull Poppy's hair) : "unlike this action of pulling which to you reflects as just a feeling take that you b..(all un..)"
Daisy(scowl) : "thus you're enjoying their state aren't you Stashey(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "well to enjoy i had to buy a ticket to a show but you see i'm not countering nothing but a reaction without reception isn't it(all un..,Daisy..PLAYBOY RANDOM,Gary,Goran,Goy and ...)"
Violet,Poppy,Lillie and Mehadi(unison,scowl,while scuffling) : "was that a challenge Stashey huh was that a challenge(all burst..,Stash..WATERFIRE,all the Waterflower sisters un..)"
Tantrum : "thus you see Dase it's useless to stand around there escort them to the main communication room they will be hungrier(all laugh..lot).."
Daisy(scowl) : "thus your leftover food will not be there countering ethics by morality isn't it(all un..,Tracey..MASTER BRAT,all un..,. un..)"
Tantrum : "countering the dual rules of real honesty but why would you ask except what i said countering the term honesty the meaningful duality(all un..,Daisy..OH HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/IF IT'S NOT YOU THEN INTELLIGENCE NUZZLE NUZZLE.. ME,all un..,. un..)"
Violet,Lillie,Poppy and Mehadi(now a bit happier,unison still squabbling and scuffling) : "shut up!that's the convulsion of probability of poison into imputation of it's re combinable dual of presence in absence or saying Gengar,take that you b..(all un..,Stash..WATERFIRE,all Waterflower the sisters un..)"
Daisy(sternly) : "you b.. behave yourselves ok with these sort of characters you're only gonna get prognosticators of paradigms not indoctrinations of attentive rhymes exactly why the call should be Simisear(all un..long time,Stash..DaisyDevil,all un..)"
Poppy(scowl) : "atleast thus they will be positively hydrated not patiently persistent take that you b..(all un..,..DR JACKAL,Tracey too un..)"
(Daisy too joins in the scuffle)
Tantrum : "go to the communication room don't injure yourselves..situationally,welcome never bye(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)"
..(after all is set up,Daisy,Violet,Lillie,Poppy and Mehadi starts eating,Wayne and Ruth,Seth and Fiesta,Ruben and Galaxy all walk in at the communication room)..
Tantrum : "welcome compeers welcome to 'phenomena : the symphony of articulation'(all un..)"
Galaxy(frown) : "Rubu don't you have recorders(all un..,..TAXI,all un..)"
Ruben(a bit excited) : "why are you bothered you don't need to listen rather add as otherwise of them you'll bother countering don't you get this bit even and claim yourself to be trainer,mentally i meant(all un..)"
Galaxy(frown) : "yeah if you said this they would've said thus of the wordings in symphony not harmony why do you bother countering equilibrium the malleable difference not different of or the the preposition only enshrines not examines countering the in other(all un..)"
Wayne(frown) : "well then unless you replied that idea of specification is actually against definition given it only specifies generality doesn't annotate it grammatically only syntactically you can't counter it can you Rue(all un..)"
Ruth(laughing..) : "um..yeah disjointly possible only thus not sententially hence the meaning not lexicon(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "indeed Rue indeed countering though numerology of actuation in definition not it's sanitation the logic of limitation(all un..)"
Seth(thoughtful) : "um..but still it's not conclusive Mr Tantrum unless you add maintenance of recurring simulation of fractals of suspicions on bondage of intellect being self don't you agree Fistie(all un..,Stash..THE MENTIONED ONES,all un..)"
Fiesta(a bit irritated) : "no i don't unless you add chromatology of orientations of hegemony of reaction in in in potency simultaneously with action thus the whole equilibrium being redundant to attention not conception(all un..,Goy and Goran..THE DESCRIBED ONES,all un..)"
Tantrum : "what's your reply to this Romu(all laugh..lot).."
Romelu(a bit surprised) : "um..no when i cook it's not because of the taste but because otherwise the cuisine isn't specific thus they still could've added opacity of complexity in their attention itself otherwise that itself is redundant to practice not if not dual though just like the whole discussion hence i like those pieces Randy cause they are countering what they are saying beautiful are these ideas especially for children while growing up to have a leverage over their neutral dimensions(all un..)"
Tantrum(clapping..) : "HYTOSTOHURAKANOM!(all un..)..anyway you all should take your food now you too Romu..no it's ok surely you know having been there before thus only from now(all un..) that i don't go to places with physical urgencies or mental insufficiencies rather only to counter my philosophical complacencies(all un..,..MASTER BRAT,all un..)"
..(all eating,Tantrum serves them)..
Daisy(frown) : "who provides for your basic necessities(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "the police in the idea coined by governance not the institution by monitoring waste management the base of hygiene the necessary of better society not mere necessity of any collaborative committee as the former doesn't fulfill any necessary to action's honesty in being active thus ever in potency(all un..) but only necessity of logical not rational security(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "thus you're observing how we're eating the meaning of dual honesty in singular morality thus countering it's own rational ethics(all un..)"
Tantrum : "logical tactics(all un..,Stash..THE BRAINSTORMING ONES,all un..)..anyway compeers i'll describe it later as there will be a battle after this at the CENTRAL BATTLEFIELD come if you wish don't come if you wish countering isn't it this lexicon not meaning(all un..)"
..(at Battlefield)..
Tantrum : "right now you see you're at the observants seat as Dase is against me with her starter Dewgong and i'm in the pool against him(all laugh..lot) as i don't require pokemons cause i don't have my own at present if you classify the players and not the system of barter(all un..long time,..Master Brats,all un..) thus my mind isn't cluttered yet same as any pokemon(all un..).."
Daisy(frown) : "do a shadow of a cataractive ice beam(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "just as you approach compeer do you expect yourself to achieve or advance experientially i meant(all un..)"
..(Dewgong behaves too happily and doesn't do the demonstration properly)..
Daisy(frown) : "yeah enough Dewgie come back you're going back this scoundrel isn't civilized enough in expectations of HUMANITY(all burst..,Tracey,Daisy and ...)"
Tantrum : "probability(all un..)"
Violet(scowl) : "how about one round with me you scoundrel surely you've eaten too much of 97% alcohol(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "well you ain't no battler so you can't surpass the first step to be a battler that is to battle without battling 'attention : the gymnasium of answers'(all un..)..why would you want to battle Viol you are an artist,a junction of logic(all un..)..hence you have the freedom to be inductive or deductive any self proclaimed technician can't follow that he has to go in one direction you can live in the junction that being possibility : the ideology of honesty(all un..)"
Violet(scowl) : "i see thus you short moments with what they mean the bisection of emotional honesty(all un..)"
Tantrum : "creativity's temporal humidity(all un..),you know Rue reminds me of his dad's bunch Mr Lance certainly is going to face Laxy if she starts on the first month for Hoenn food for thought also the ramifications Mr Mukhareb isn't to intuition all and naught isn't it(all laugh..lot)"
Wayne(scowl) : "methodologically not forensically indeed in terms of retribution of existence not consciousness for your elaboration(all un..)"
Tantrum : "neutral precipitation(all un..) and no i don't understand it Mr Mehadi(all laugh..lot) i don't understand this dichotomy of homology(all laugh..lot).."
Mehadi(scowl) : "b.. of synthetic proliferation like you wouldn't get the motion of exclamative authenticities that is given(all un..,Goy..YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,Mehadi too un..)"
Tantrum : "is why one can't go till 6 and stop before seven countering isn't it the logical heaven(all un..)"
Daisy and Violet(shout) : "you lowlife..(all burst..)"
Poppy(frown) : "stop it you b.. it's the counter of ethical honesty this and relationships can't even say in need sorry i can't say bye now i'm busy(all un..,Goran..BREEZY FLOWER GLEAM,Poppy un..  oran)"
Lillie(a bit thoughtful) : "not only that but hereby he also describes the meaning of what he says the most ensuing in an abstract manner as well without specifications of generalization(all un..,..Lillie Flower).."
Mehadi(frown) : "he only is enjoying this moment as Viol should know best that if you try to feel it you're betraying yourself the feeling(all un..,Mehadi..Mehadi DON'T BE susceptible to your ideas of feel/as just you will get detached from them the patience of entailing logic will shove down to that persistent reel,all un..,Poppy..THAT OH Poppy DON'T THINK THAT NOW IS THAT YOU'RE JUST OBSERVING/IF THINGS ARE COMING AND GOING DETACHED THEY FEEL YOU TO BE DEFINED AS SEEM,all un..,Goy and Goran..THUS MR OAK LOOK HAS SUMMONED YOU THE PATIENCE OF DOCTORING FEEL,all un..,Tracey and Brock shake..,Daisy and Violet un..)"
Tantrum : "well that is what i was telling Dase that why do you think Romu that she was in such a mess of rendition(all burst..)"
Romelu(a bit surprised) : "um..no when i cook sometimes shape of things gets too deformed to control then i keep it for demonstration to do the others better thus in general they only serve themselves as observations of others while this can be said about others to them thus if this intuitive persistence on being is observed eventually both sides get detached to each other thus the observer can freely attach own self in attention no more to attention a mere observation as a pilot project(all un..)..Dase is still a little kid only thus thought the pilot to be self sacrificing not effacing hence hurried with her logical parachute rather than preempting her emotions with the hypnotic sound of mind's deductive flute as effacing in dual is declared as unlike while in real concept's treatable offshoot(all un..)"
Tantrum(clapping..,splashing water) : "UMBRONAPTHAGUM!(all un..)..but what does this moment mean to your feelings Dase about yourself in others(all un..,Daisy..OH HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/IF I AM RATIONALLY DOWN LOOK THE SCALES OF DEGREES NUZZLE INTELLIGENCE of..me,all un..)"
Daisy(scowl) : "that unlike you the others here have a consciously invokable concurrent or in Romu's case apparent character unlike your a ontologically fordable chapter(all un..,Stash,Goy,Gary and Goran..DaisyDevil)"
Tantrum : "factor..countering dually analyzing singularly erasing plausibly resetting metaphorically thus no matter where countering only posthumously..shh..that pain of no escape from epistemology for metaphysics that's consciousness..MADDENING(all un..)..any logical infirmity veiled in terms of personality(all un..)"
Lillie(thoughtful) : "um..yeah in terms of professional restorations(all un..,..THE PROFESSIONAL ONES,all un..)"
Tantrum(clapping..,splashing water) : "BLASTOISE!(all un..)..but what does this moment mean to your existence..ironically though(all un..)"
Lillie(shout) : "you lowlife how dare you algorithmize the convertible inductive faculties(all un..)"
Tantrum(clapping..splashing water) : "MAGMAR!(all un..)..but what does the reflectivity of notion there tend to you..factually though(all un..)"
Lillie(angry) : "shut up you b..!it's only about normalization of being by removing attentive anomalies not the orthogonalization of distributive categories combinations(all un..,Stash..WATERFIRE,all un..)"
Tantrum : "indeed Lil only by means of psychological ranges not how logic on existence consciously avenges,countering in reflections the engagement of mind's technical fringes(all un..)..but Poppy isn't as ontological rather epistemological on their with action the reactive cringes(all un..)"
Poppy(shout) : "shut up you b..!unlike you the presentation will be far more authentic about retrospective absolving of denominationally not actual sentential hinges(all un..)"
Tantrum : "won't be possible if IT(all burst..) is not there to be separated sinusoidally not asymptotically(all un..)"
Poppy(scowl) : "atleast WILL(all burst..,Stash..THE PEDANTIC ONES,all un..,Goran and Poppy un..) be spontaneous unlike you merely intellectually infectious(all un..).."
Tantrum(clapping..splashing water) : "ULTRANERCOZMA!(all un..)..BEAUTY OH BEAUTY OH MY CONCEPTION ALAS THIS DUTY..jab(all un..)/OH DUTY DUTY I WILL BE THERE NO MATTER CAUSE CATEGORICALLY INDISTINGUISBLE IS THE EFFECTIVE BUEATY..turn(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na tion tion tion emotion..go out(all un..)/that's hallow not hi to this present unless it's an equation..lean(all un..)..any introspective attention to logic brushed aside by it's supplementary humourous elucidations(all un..)"
Romelu(smiling) : "um..no not if understood as useless but a reference to another percept of self no(all un..)"
Tantrum(was in water now finally swims to the same side of the pool where all except Daisy are sitting,after splashing water..) : "RUNERIGUS!(all un..).."
Daisy(coming down from platform) : "yeah atleast they have more trigonometric character in terms of relationships of observations unlike your epicentric inflection(all un..)"
Tantrum(while swimming) : "countering the problem of sensational precipitation but why would you ask as if that itself doesn't self counter(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "yeah thus is your character(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum(while swimming) : "correction the meaning not it's mental accreditation countering situations isn't it Dase isn't it rhyming with this Qwilfish(all un..)"
Wayne(scowl) : "i don't believe you know how to swim Randy cause what you're doing is playing#.."
Ruth(laughing..) : "man would you stop asking him these useless questions#Cedar..ONTO MURMUR/Uu../UPTO CONCUR,#"
Tantrum : "i was born to the essence of swim#/thus never learned except when substances went away for whim#..any issues procrastinated#..no#..reference now oh..according to senses mind now go..the most productive#..Daisy..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,#.."
..(later inside)..
Poppy(a bit concerned) : "hey Stashey.."
Tantrum : "alone if out of the class alas Oh my own..(all un..)"
Poppy(angry) : "shut up you b..!unlike you would've been said(all un..,Goran..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE,Poppy un..) excuse me being but can you take more time on the actuals i was thinking may be we could take later i understand your requirement comes after much of self introspection but a decision till asking for help is always best left to the calmness of examinations rather than the requirements may be you can resolve it then tell me i'll be most honoured and delighted thanks(all un..)..THUS IT WILL BE MORE CONVERTIBLE TO SILENCE OF INTELLECT UNLIKE YOUR UNIVERSALIZATION OF maintenance take that you b..(all un..,Goran..Coffee flower,all un..,Poppy too un..)"
Tantrum :  "all just to say how you're-not only but included with NOW-look my(all un..)"
Poppy(scowl) : "yeah unlike a b.. of proclamation like you(all un..),it will be said you're conductive from i(all un..,Gary,Guang+Itzel,Gus+Yagmur and Goy..BREEZY FLOWER GLEAM,Poppy scowls..,saying shut up you namecalls!,all laugh..lot,Goran..lot)"
Tantrum : "thus this i being not self but ego no more hallow dear but honey HI(all un..)..besides there are many types of honeys anyhow compeer(all un..)..the only common property is that it tastes inductively thus recursively never rests,countering the better among of the ever plural thus-bests(all un..)"
Poppy(shout..) : "shut up you.."
Daisy(coming out this was reservation,frown) : "and this is your definitive character then(all un..,..DaisyDevil)"
Poppy(scowl) : "and you're the one following him all along in search of denominations(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "cause unlike you and your other sisters the properties of nominations will come along(all un..,..WATERFIRE,all the Waterflower sisters un..)"
Poppy(frown) : "and it's said by consensus that you're only a food of the self attaching jackal(all un..)"
Daisy(frown) : "the propensity of any speculative shackle(all un..)"
Tantrum : "i have a question.."
Daisy(frown) : "he wa.."
Poppy(sarcasm) : "yeah got you you b.. like,SANDACONDA!(all un..)"
Daisy(scowl) : "the generality of ethical ground is only so due to the monotony of being Poppy not branching of treeing of precognition into parts of decimals not fractals(all un..) thus if rather it should've been Pincurchin(all un..long) for(all un..) the assurance of the moment in conviction not what it says afterwards thus he is the right mention not Mr cause that would've meant metamathematical rather than spiritual osmosis of realization(all un..)"
Tantrum : "looking beside the integrating jackal of location(all un..)"
Daisy(shout) : "shut up you b..!(all un..),it's only a communication between entity and condition thus are relatives not in relations(all un..)"
Poppy(sarcasm) : "huh!this and continuity of perception in this case it would've been answered the points of composure of being rather than being involved in practicable instantiation(all un..)..involvement countering situational execution isn't it Stashey(all un..)"
Tantrum : "dehydration(all un..).."
Poppy(shout..) : "shut up you b..!(all un..,..WATERFIRE,all the Waterflower sisters un..)"
Tantrum : "that it would've been said metaphorically usable analytical not evaluational rectification(all un..)"
Poppy(scowl) : "yeah b.. like you.."
Daisy(frown) : "anyway Poppy this is why you are doing so poorly it was only a way to counter to get his need of our personified characters characteristic solidifications(all un..)"
Poppy(angry) : "and you've given this out exactly saying how you're only the dream of a jackal of vindication(all un..)"
Daisy(scowl) : "you're enjoying this so much Stashey isn't it"
Tantrum : "well you see with the characters of Poppy and Mehu they need their operative rather than decisive binoculars to seek any applicative proclivities(all un..)..thus by the enclosure of the ability of function their applications are anyway entrapped by this contradiction of epistemology in occurrence(all un..) which they can only resolve if their goals of limiting the directional receptivities comes to the point of respectively assurance and indifference but through respectively unison of sampling of logical durability with recursive legitimacy(all un..) and dissension of indication into typifying efficacy(all un..).."
Poppy(scowl) : "and you believe it will be that brat Curly Mention(all un..).."
Daisy(scowl) : "b.. of lexicon be precise(all un..)"
Poppy(scowl) : "no he's no b.. unlike your jackal or Colony Monogram or Gary or especially the b.. that that b.. Viol is infatuated with(all laugh..lot) unlike these b.. he's no b.. of generative reactivity,COUNTERING NECESSITY..take that you b..(all un..,Brock..Mr Slate my Gorebyss isn't getting stable at this plane,yeah the clinical homes are always the safe dens,shut up you namecall!unlike your namecall atleast it's not pointing rather than interposing heavens,all un..,..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE)"
Tantrum : "indeed but unlike any of them reacting to rather than being nutritional of the ensue of positivity(all un..)..hence you see Dase the phenomenal neutrality is only an engagement of the detached being in dual negativity rather than parity(all un..)"
Poppy and Daisy(unison,shout) : "shut up you b..!atleast it's superposition of dynamics of thing onto the representation of metaphysical estimating unlike your intuition's topographic calculating so that you can counter it by being(all un..)"
Tantrum : "thus unlike your most conceptualizing(all un..) it's rather the most appearing(all un..),meaning appearances hombres be cautious of the preceptors of theorizing,thanks(all un..)"
Wayne(coming out,frown) : "i see thus you stimulate organizations out of pontificating decisions don't you Mr Tantrum(all un..)"
Tantrum : "may be but all i can say is that it's not the rateable random(all un..)"
Ruth(coming out,a bit angry) : "hey he only asked of my wellness ok not if i was being so(all un..)"
Tantrum : "if : the most appreciating(all un..)..(Ruth un..,the rest scowls at Tantrum)..besides compeers as you all are in profession finally you may want to know what Dase meant when told Mr Dewgong(all burst..) to do that shadow and why i said what i said..Dase said do a shadow without the information of the thickness of the shadow or randomness#..hence i pointed it out when Mr Dewgong became happier cause he had already done what was told by understanding verb now phantom words mere hologram deepened if analysis shadow becomes lantern..the most updatable#.."
Daisy(giggle,  Tantrum) : "sis why difference persists(all un..long,Daisy..Onto Humdrum/Uu/Upto concern,all un..long)"
Violet&Lillie&Poppy&Mehadi&Ruth&Seth+Fiesta&Ruth+Galaxy(similarly) : "tell us tell us tell us(all un..long,Cedar..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all un..long)"
Wayne(frowns at Romelu) : "Romu what's happening(all un..long)"
Romelu(angry) : "just shut up you b..(all un..long)"
Wayne(scowl) : "i see the general umbrage of honesty ridiculing the barage of MORALITY(all un..long)..um..but it could've been other way around too(all un..long)..(giggles,similarly hugs Tantrum)..sis what does thought mean(all un..long,Cedar..hey hey it's a machine ok,all un..long,Cedar..O-K ok,all un..long,Cedar..anything spilled out of attention,all un..long,Cedar..the most thoughtful Humdrum Cidy..duality's self lantern..the most consuming,all un..long,Cedar..it's a horrendous misery Niji that it ends at 16 ok 1 to 16,all un..long,Cedar..you mean you've proved something the delight hush the shadow of thee look to me LIGHTING,all un..long,Cedar..hence the rest 15 says the most appearing,all un..long,Cedar..oh yeah oh yeah what does the offshoots say OF SPONTANEITY'S LEXICAL PURGING,all un..long,Cedar..ranging..anything defined,all un..long,Cedar..thus i said Cidy urge the most comparing..countering though Ah the urging,all un..long,Cedar..yeah when those brats call together next time i should add like Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Uu..isn't it hum isn't it,all un..long,Cedar..Humdrum look nuzzle meaning..cue,all un..long,Cedar..any inconvenience in being,all un..long,Cedar..yes!yes!i told you Cidy not to waste you energies anticipating them talking first then imputing move on man move on let the thought be..Ah!..processing,all un..long,Gladys..Dr Aahh Mintu Ortiz,all un..long)"
Romelu(smiling) : "go on compeer all has time as this#.."
Tantrum : "well it doesn't make any sense compeer why i was deemed of that IT(all burst..)..anyway settle down all have a nice time..THE MOST ENJOYING(all un..long,..Guzzle Humdrum,all un..)..
thoughts murmuring as coming to purge me now#/oh random guzzle humdrum barge me now#/meaning now you ask for this/lexicon drive away to is#/oh thinking thinking now think/decision done humdrum now you blink#/thought thought consult so#/guzzle or don't self why oh#..said Zig Zig Zig Zig Za Goon#/Did i just mean Thievul#.."
..................................
(next day,night,at a crematory at Rimsable,recorded by Kumaglak whose hiding)
..................................
Phantom(roaming around inside) : "Spiritomb tomb tomb tomb tomb tomb tomb tomb tomb tomb tomb/strangely who now wants to be next moment phantom(all un..,Daisy..Playboy Longrun,all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na tion tion tion/that's hallow Ho-Oh or oh my son if heard me you now phantom(all un..)/Mew Mew Mew Mew Mew Mew Two Mew Mew Two Mew Two Two/if i have been you to me illusion define me the phantom(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na tion tion tion/that's halt here now oh my son look there reflecting your position as phantom(all un..)"
Kumaglak(coming out) : "um..can i be excused situationally(all un..)"
Phantom : "if only randomly why not then though countering being despite it's presence isn't it..WELCOME PHANTOM(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all un..)
oh system system on the hunt to be so to done/thus oh question next term Phantom..lastly..oh lastly ghastly witness Phantom#..
i guess you're in search of me still compeer..shh..so true so much in DUE#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,.."
Kumaglak(a bit confused) : "um..no it's um..the lie i know um..heard#..but um..not that but since the day i met you first at (),Bosangria 5 long months back to now and since the day your compeer Mr Tantrum cured that b.. Millie.."
Phantom : "correction change the form it should be b.. of sanity countering isn't it(all un..)"
Kumaglak(suddenly surprised) : "I GET IT(all un..,Goy..CHOICED BRATS)..um..means she only behaved so cause thought we were reflections of relativity not opacity(all un..)"
Phantom : "contrastively isn't it in terms of logic not it's mental ionization(all un..)"
Kumaglak(smiling) : "no Mr Phantom 5 months and especially the last 4 all those pieces and articles and all being in the central prison at Yellowburst certainly refreshed me up thoroughly this was the prize can i become your assistant(all un..)"
Phantom : "insistence compeer on my coexistence(all un..)"
Kumaglak(excited) : "yes that's that piece,'metaphysics : a premier on referential preexistence,countering consistence not existence,countering'(all un..)"
Phantom : "in locus of reality not in the parameters of reliability,countering isn't it compeer,'parity : the belief of sanity'(all un..).."
Kumaglak(smiling) : "yeah that too counters everything from every direction but um..how to be there Mr Phantom how to be there in nomination not education(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..hand) : "HOUNDOOM!(all un..)..
Oh young doctor new or present/oh my young doctor feels for heartbroken peasant(all un..,Brock too un..)/oh my young doctor limit or clear/oh my young doctor feels now is near(all un..)/oh my young doctor obstacles or will/oh my young doctor feels mind seeking the intellectual ink for attentive quill(all un..)/Oh my young doctor regulation or desire/oh my young doctor feels opting for a quiet leisure(all un..,Brock too un..)..any mathematical discombobulation of logical space deciphered(all un..)"
Kumaglak(excited) : "um..yeah like 'conscience : the life of death'(all un..)..as conscience is the obstinate vigil to be a fixed point given only other points are record-able thus making it redundant to logic not concentration(all burst..) the meaning of which is that concentration is the death of being as defined by it's causal temptation(all un..).."
Phantom : "as there's no end to the self in being the soul of the self has to proclaim to be alive by the death of rendition,countering isn't it(all un..)"
Kumaglak(excited) : "yeah that piece,'dichotomy : the neutrally third in hallucination'(all un..)"
Phantom : "no matter even if it's the witness to phenomena or being the junction itself compeer as being is the excitement of modification,countering any specification,countering generalization countering substantiation countering concentration countering 'mind : the fare of deliberation',holistic this chain implausible as causal from all sides compeers that's sanity : the essentially instant amortization'(all un..)"
Kumaglak(smile) : "um..how to take a test in this i really want to qualify Sir nothing else ever seemed so like rationalizing(all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy and Stash..Dialga don't be a gambler just take a notice of mind's wavering/when you were noticing this was it this or the feeling of this upon you levering,all un..,..DASHING ROCK,Brock hides..lot)"
Phantom(clapping..) : "LIGHTENTHUNSTROM!(all un..),but what does your question ask you to cue..parametrically though not equitably(all un..)"
Kumaglak(excited) : "no i get it Sir i get Sir but that's what i said objectivity is like so dependent on me Sir no matter what i do it's not painful enough like what you said this logic till one gets free which will never come being dual thus indeed Sir i want to ask properly why aren't you me,countering(all burst..)"
Phantom : "well financial knowledge is paramount compeer in your sports,'combat : in the depths of definition'(all un..)"
Kumaglak(excited) : "yeah right now it will be philosophical completely like during the pre match it can be said like are you here compeer do you want to be or do(all un..) then like when i have to hit people it will be like i hit with the idea of fear of another i end up with the same regardless of his retribution of my inflicted consequences hence being afraid of myself i really can't stop unless i made to if physically not mentally if mentally then impossible to be so physically(all un..)"
Phantom(clapping..) : "MARSHADOW!(all un..,..LASTLY A DEFEATED PHANTOM COUNTERING,all un..)"
Kumaglak(excited) : "yes!that's like like.."
Phantom : "now now now now be be my/now you are mine,oh differential vultures try(all un..)/thus the hologram of a person is so shy/that i can't ever capture unless being phantom of thy(all un..)"
Kumaglak(smiling,  Phantom) : "um..yeah i get it bro i get it personal life should be too minute no matter the profession cause it's the reserve in reflection rather(all laugh..lot)..but um..can i call you bro.."
Phantom : "to the point of intuitive inflection just that wicked crow(all un..)"
Kumaglak(a bit disappointed) : "um..ok i'm just got a bit um.."
Phantom : "emotional compeer,'emotion : the catapult of specification'(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "man it will be impossible for any fight to take place with these(all laugh..lot) but yeah unless mentally universal actually professional(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)"
Phantom : "ecological(all un..)..but you know compeer speaking about your ideas to be personally professional what are the hindrances so far that you helped to put up with your rationality not intellect(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "yeah i can visualize clearer than never as daylight will ever be(all un..,Daisy..DARK NIGHT WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..,Violet..THE BOOTLEGS OF HONESTY,all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy and ...)..hence yeah i do see a path but look i have no parents none of my own none ever called me by means of family relations i was at an orphanage went to school dropped out at 11 after failing to clear my primary twice(all laugh..lot) since then i just fended for myself in the street and worked here and there to make my ends meet Pablo sir discovered me 5 years back i was 16 and got me a job at aunty's hospital as a staff so that i had something to eat i stole money one day and got off after 2 years there and then again started living at Zipgarnet 3 years back(all laugh..lot) but that was i don't know how to put it together i was getting some jobs here and there everything seemed so in proportions there people were taking their s.. seriously you know none wanted to be lazy all wanted to do something as if to get away from some horrible nightmare which the more they did or didn't or stayed neutral engulfed them further and further(all burst..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS LIVING/THUS OH MY HUMDRUM GUZZLE GIVING AND/OR RECEIVING/OH HUMDRUM HUMDRUM NOW YOU GUZZLE/IF YOU DON'T WANT TO DO LOOK LOGICAL RANDOM INTELLECTUALLY NUZZLE,all un..,Brock..COMING MOM DONE FOR TODAY,OH CAN YOU DO THE LAST FAVOUR DEAR,DAD ENOUGH WITH YOUR NAIVETY,UM..BUT JUST AS I WANTED TO CLOSE THEY SENT ME THIS PRINT,WHAT THE NAMCEALL..NEXT CHALLENGER : A RANDOM TRYRANTUM..WILL YOU POSTPONE OR DENY JUST AS WE WORTE IT WHICH TOLD US TO ADD RHYMING WITH SABLEYE,all un..,Daisy..LASTLY A MORAL HUMDRUM,all un..,...),and then i learnt that the productivity in every part of the output humanely imaginable from the city has been outlandish as the Police themselves had turned into the biggest business(all laugh..lot) and whole world decried this fifth gear life but all realized they can better it when they wanted to they only schemed for the same unless they turned to forth which made that all the more elusive hence in the hindsight the forwarded ones really became the benchmark hence the problems only deepened no matter the improvement so all realized this is indeed the nightmare of ethics(all burst..,Goran,Goy,Stash and Gary un..) anyway so i made a some money but again as i said the place was crazy so again had some feuds and returned to Bosangria around 2 years ago and again Pablo sir rescued me since then been doing this and that sleeping in the gym yesterday i came here for a competition and badly lost you can see my injuries then went to hang out with people they strangely weren't receptive of me knowing the gym i compete for(All laugh..lot)..so i knew what was up and thus asked the Police there they said you will be here at night hence i came here and asked for a recorder they said you have to do that yourselves as part of the deal(all burst..)"
Phantom : "only defined in terms of feels,countering 'specificity : ownership's physical reel isn't it'(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "um..yeah i get that(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "well you see you've taken the dual route to be real on the road which just need to be upended but in reality you don't want that so firstly you should understand what afflicts you what do you want and there will be no answer barring three first to be forwarded which isn't the case second you want emotions third you want illusion thus of it being inexistent of it have become so bored,countering(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "man if only they taught these in schools(all laugh..lot)..well i do want to continue in this sport cause i like it i like the skills i like the fights but now it seems different i get this idea of this dream and all that's associated with it but i have to find a way that's more important bro and that's why i was asking you if you could tell me how to stay on the road but aspiring for something through little works may be that's all.."
Phantom : "ECCENTRIC!(Kumaglak un..)..(all burst..)..you know the first rules are that you can't be hungry if you want to be dual you can't be prone to mental disguises to yourself either and also you have to know how to avert DANGERS(all un..,..GENDEROUS,all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "yeah like i guess it's a bigger fight dually and all and the pain is all the more there as you no matter what you represent publicly stated this as did the rest two another is just not fitted at all anywhere reality or duality(all laugh..lot,..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,Gary,Goran,Goy and ...) so what to speak of petty matters(all laugh..lot) and this has only manifolded the intrigue about you all cause they realize what sinister will befall all when fullness is achieved(all laugh..lot,Stash..WATERFIRE)..and no even people at streets knows that it's that gym at Cerulean they say you can think whatever you want about them but they will counter anything time will tell in rhymes(all laugh..lot,Stash..YEARS GO BY/NEXT ONE WELCOME OR BYE/THUS TIME SAYS SPACE YOU ARE MY/AS LONG AS YOU SAY HALLOW NEVER HI,all un..).."
Phantom : "dancing to 'intellect : specification's universal chimes',countering(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "um..yeah i realize that(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "so what are your plans now.."
Kumaglak(smile) : "well i just spent 4 months at detention so it's been ok with the Police but i don't have any money and i just went to cup was practicing inside as well only met Pablo Sir last week just to sponsor me there the Police itself requested so went in but he also now has refused me to sponsor me anymore so really i'm alone thus(suddenly surprised as if understanding something very regretful)..um yeah scared too bro may be um..(very dejected suddenly)"
Phantom : "and you were dreaming compeer to be dual(all laugh..lot).."
Kumaglak(suddenly understanding something very optimistic,beaming) : "YES!i get it bro i get it honesty is a great virtue.."
Phantom : "in duality..countering(all un..)"
Kumaglak(beaming) : "yeah thus to follow that no matter where it leads me to no matter what i must be honest right now and that's all and infact i can't but to either cause i'm nothing but not dual as it's said.."
Phantom(clapping..) : "BABLIPARASUMSOGAMVOK!(all un..)..listen to this carefully the stance you know better infinitely it will be a huge hit you're fortunate compeer to live up to the hype before(all burst..,Violet..THE VULTURES MATTER,all burst..)..and this stance IN MEANING(puts up a hand combat stance..)..(all burst..)
What's that mental metronome I hear,perhaps the emotional end is drawing near
You never physically hear the intellectual shot that takes your attention down(all un..)
Now your dream's a rational memory, and seems more recurrently true from egocentrically far away
Just like the motivational not logical smoke that fades and makes no lexically meaningful sound(all un..)
Just to say
that I..am out of time, to say goodbye
As what was yours,look now is my(all un..,..PLAYBOY,all un..)
THUS DUALITY welcome, NO MORE bye(all un..)..
AS WHAT ILLUSION WAS YOURS, SAYS ME HALLOW NOT HI(all un..)
..instances of any lyrical puzzle hiding the lack of logical rhythm discerned(all un..,Violet..AS WHAT WAS JUST YOURS TENSE SAID IT'S phantom now hence MY,all un..,Daisy..LASTLY A PLAYBOY RANDOM,Goy and Mehadi un..).."..no we must ask for copyrights here(all laugh..lot).."
Violet(laughing..) : "man what a start to the interregionals it was as well(all laugh..lot)..Kumlie was ofcourse over the moon and Pablo uncle later said no way we're using the Phantom version out of individual practice man it ends the match there itself personally though(all laugh..lot) then anyway it went off the charts after 5 years of obscurity(all laugh..lot) and was Johto finally so even more that was Zuzu's favourite too(all laugh..lot,Goy and Goran..ZUZU,all burst..)..man what sort of life he's having to have on the home half(all laugh..lot)"
Goy(laughing..) : "temperamentally(all laugh..lot)..anyway then this restarts ofcourse(all laugh..lot)..
..................................
Kumaglak(disappointed) : "but um..not that only Mr Phantom it's that unlike all i'm not.."
Phantom : "ecstatic about reality indeed compeer indeed(all laugh..),you see when i was you i wanted to be with me but when i did manage to i only found thee isn't it rhyming with the self counter-This is It(all un..).. decision look determination Phantom(all un..,Daisy..Playboy Unbound,all un..)..besides that when i was in-between that i thought now i had but when i did i only found found myself on time sad,which countered my idea of action as it meant it was there preset hence later any object if gained i found have regained in me/the idea of isolation thus compeer tested always the sane in me(all un..)..that why don't I want to be alone..when you'll enter the forwarded path this time,you'll before that be thinking how can i be alone despite being hence not at all lone(all laugh..lot)..but this illusion will harrow me compeer that how to act without action how can i be but you see the device is same as the achievement or aim thus indeed the meaning of a thing must be self revealing agnostic to any thing yet waiting for i this sitting self here's got be something wrong in the sanity of me(all un..)..then you may be compassionate the deaths and happinesses may pacify or excite you but that's only you compeer the me will ask i how to get the best satisfaction for you but that's the self only without which there's no meaning in action meaning the action isn't meaningful any more to fetch you the goal neither is it that the goal is so nor is the action but the attaching self is no more yet when it was there it always thought from these two i'll churn out more thus being detached to self attached to the meaning i could only implore that may i be used may i be the ALL but the argument was only how to be more..thus indeed this idea of duality unless illusion of the real is there no thing can be so then but illusion can't be real to start with thus about always the presence of another i there's got to be something wrong in the sane of me(all un..)..thus stopping by or stopping never will be the same unto my going back and never returning will be just a way for action to greet it's fruits by hallo but the speculator will say hi(all un..) thus there's something fishy going on around being i or thee.. that's the whole of illusion compeer if meant by self counters that why aren't you just me(all un..)..but this only puts forth the lament of soul/never possible if it meant nothing but including that becomes a goal 
/thus in the myriads of experiences and knowledge of them in wisdom/will be futile unto the shadow of i unless i can be deemed the meaning of being finally the Real Phantom(all un..)..countering meanings compeer as only what's known can never be me thus knowing so i will still be but being or not being this time no matter what i know in action or in it's meaning i'll remain their devoid of self compeer that's all of the illusion the Reality of Phantom(all un..)..thus again rather that trepidation of void or the escape of fullness this will be the most ensuing just cause it's the self of purity in abstraction in objectification the universal Phantom..hence the meaning rather is that i'm not lone no matter if i'm or not it only is a pointer to itself for it's own attention as i see without action i'll have to be my self the Phantom(all un..)..thus no solution is reached through the meaning of this and that thus it's not useful to pursue it meaning till self is revealed as devoid of me i'll have to remain the Phantom(all un..)..any confusions over practical referendum(all un..)"
Kumaglak(bit thoughtful) : "um..ok but then any forms of practices(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "execution Phantom(all un..)..any questions as to if you can still practice them(all un..)"
Kumaglak(very happy) : "then i can't miss can i no matter where or what i'm..(laughing..)..given the meaning of deduction bring uncovering the Phantom(all un..)..and then again Phantom only means a counter itself on this information(all un..)..hence rather anywhere there's this practice of meaning of solution being withdrawn from duality the illusion of real will only mean the implausibility of duality as much as reality thus in-between that the logic will calm down thus the desire for and of Phantom,countering(all un..)"
Phantom : "thus anything if so means a causal note of references to logical intelligence, rationality the Phantom(all un..)..hence it's about what is the meaning in terms of integrity not plausibility also is facilitated in the self thus never you but i to me will have to remain the Phantom(all un..)..hence the meaning all these combined will be only one of the two meaning the ensue of the elusive reality playing with me the Phantom(all un..)..thus being situated there against it the duality will be only me and reality compeer the meaning is only the objective of the algorithm not it's outcome on how to be the Phantom(all un..)..thus it's termination point will always be the meaning of itself hence destination and states are only available to discretization of i and self the continuity of the logic being the Phantom(all un..)..thus as nothing is reached through the process of medicine to desire why not i be desirous but of the meaning to be satisfied the most as afterall if it fails only will i be satiated cause the object of my is to say hallow to me for the more and more thus why to say hi to me thus leaving thee to existence the conscious Phantom(all un..)..thus in gross it's necessary to be minute for i and no more the rest isn't going to be stopped compeers that's not in my hand but me the self who if minute will have to bid goodbye to itself cause that's impossible unless there's difference between objective and goal cause it introduces a chain of to be without giving the answer cause it cannot be itself then..thus for me to be so i will have to be you you the Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(very happy) : "thanks bro this is so.. wonderfu.."
Phantom : "ul,ful wonderful,rhyming with beautiful compeer but you know how then can i be not you it cannot be this if it leave you to me the Phantom(all un..)..thus path and perfection change the form from being to me change the form(all un..)/that ceased is i oh me destination Phantom(all un..)/when i will fall back or return  the path now is Phantom(all un..)/thus duality now tell my soul you can't be but me as I Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(happy) : "surely bro i now will know definitely what to do..thanks"
Phantom : "existence ever deludes compeer some more some less never one though as to be so others it cannot press.. reality Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(smile) : "um..yeah that's like fighting for just that the Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "PHAMPY!(all un..)..the ground of reality the dual sky now you Phantom(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "yeah i understand the things to do tomorrow as well that is talk with Sir and continue my different interests this time rather towards not away from dejection the Phantom(all burst..).."
Phantom : "of appreciation(all un..)"
Kumaglak(smile) : "but um..how is the actual Phantom like the truth of lie yeah#..Phantom : The Truth of Lie.."
Voice : "oh de di de di desire/speedy speedy what ever/forth and back oh survive/phantom phantom..means beside.."
Kumaglak(un..) : "Phantom : What's Beside yeah the least expecting..like expectation the untold possibilities countering#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,.."
.....
(Vovam at Oak Labs)
.....
Vovam(curious) : "um..excuse me Sir can i ask you something.."
Igor(thoughtful) : "the most ensuing compeer answer yourself(all un..).."
Vovam(bit concerned) : "um..no i wanted to join here as a worker(all laugh..lot).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "what would you work upon compeer food and shelter for the unfamiliar is indeed a trouble that is intelligible rest isn't available at all only imaginable hence it's not clear as to this vigilance over action not it's significance(all laugh..lot)"
Vovam(bit excited) : "um..yeah i've only one sem left but i can start right out so was thinking to be here cause not yet ready to be alone(all laugh..lot).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "indeed compeer that is comprehensive enough.."
Vovam(excited) : "um..sorry to interrupt you Sir but um..why are you allowed to answer more than twice to random strangers not of your physical form unlike Mr Paseras whom i met just after i entered are you Charlie Doldrum(all un..,..Mr Vaccine Lite,all un..,..Choiced Brats,all un..).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "no i'm none of them you see compeer but existentially your particular situation in tangibles unto you countering your ideas of what's palpable(all un..) is something that i became familiar with when i was much younger due to it's comprehension impossible psychologically(all un..) thus when i was told to understand my form way before this phenomenon i was told that i was i was afraid compeer that now what this question answered me thus you've acknowledging your capabilities to understand have given the answer to what exactly is what(all un..),but it wasn't at all logically true as you see cause when i found my self all i wanted to ask was why aren't you just me(all un..) but it was by the illusion of existence after me on the same version of actuality a being came up of your form and asked me the same but by means of giggling adding tell me 3 times compeers hence i had to answer 4 and was going away when i found this being following me but in opposite direction in front(all un..) askimg why would you not listen to what's more since then we never found any reason to not differ being me(all un..).."
Vovam(excited) : "i see are both you and your sia trainers like i want to be(all laugh..lot) but(a bit thoughtful)..un..i feel the same everywhere except in one case where it irritated me always that why was he HE(all un..)"
Igor(thoughtful) : "yeah it is importance : the twist of me(all un..)"
Vovam(very excited) : "um..yeah but he also Mr Phantom a 3 days back on the night just after the semester ended same semester for 2.5 years now but we really want to be under the tutelage of this factory what should we do(all burst..).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "well for the answer of this you may return with him and/or contact Mr Dwight Galrau and Mrs Iduna Galrau who has been doing a joint thesis on NOW how to be(all un..)..for further informations you may ask the desk situated just after this turn to the left never right cause after help is what is expected never before what is right(all un..)"
Vovam(very happy) : "yes!that's the analysis of 'knowledge : the reservation of foresight'(all un..) this one gives one direction to the word reservation(all un..)"
Igor(thoughtful) : "ethically or practically(all un..)"
Vovam(very excited) : "phenomenally cause(all un..)..it cannot be ethical unless it was told never before it was agnostic to degrees(all un..) and if was practical it would've been said what is applied for not expected thus this is phenomenal cause it only gave a direction to what might be the meaning of might-the effect of what is to decide(all un..).."
Igor(happy) : "indeed compeer indeed when thus you return with your loneliness(all un..) you should jointly recall this one,Hallo..hush Mr Ms or Mrs have you had the logical stroke(all un..)/that now you think you can think im terms of reality thus actually you should've eschewed personality thus just Dr Oak(all un..,..The Factory of Strawberry Facepalm,all un..,Gary shakes..).."


..................................
..(Yellowburst government HQ day after Phantom was seen at Juritared)..
admin head(in a meeting) : "hallow compeers any urgencies given the expectations from your faces.."
An officer(very grave) : "just this recording Sir recorded last night"
admin head(scowl) : "our borders are closed like Cerulean from the same day whose the scoundrel to breech the orders(all un..)"
The officer(grave) : "the technology Sir couldn't confirm a decision should've used less amount Cerulean has beaten us again Sir this time using Human(all un..,..NO!IT'S INHUMAN!,all un..,Tracey too un..).."
..(Recording)..
Technical Authentication : "your identity Card please"
Hologram(thumping..) : "AMPHAROS!(all un..)..
technical cal cal cal cal change the form axiom daily change the form(all un..)/that so far you have only the necessary necessity  Hologram(all un..)/solution tion tion tion change the form domains daily change the form(all un..)/that ranges are present why be adjusted to restrictions of Hologram(all un..)..
Technical Authentication : "sorry but i didn't receive any response from you(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram (thumping..) : "MINUM(all un..)!..rules schools random tools change the form daily change the form(all un..)/that looking to solve a thing why resolve to determination of self to me ever Hologram(all un..).."
Technical Authentication : "sorry but i didn't receive any authentication from you(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : indeed resolved one(all un..)..once i thought ok here i'm on the dock of life alas the rock of space on which i stood asked me but just now you recovered me compeer from your feeling of hype..Pewter Hail B-Rock!Brother  YOU Only feel the Other the feelings now Rock(all un..,..Dashing Rock,all un..,Brock slaps..)..
Technical authentication : "sorry but i didn't figure out you or your need you now have to report to authorities(all un..).."
Hologram : "countering compeer but why would you mention how(all un..)"
..(Guards come)..
Guard(head,frown) : "so finally Mr Ra.."
Hologram : correction change the form Memory namely a Daily Hologram(all un..).."
Guard(head,angry) : "why are you not at Cerulean hum(all un..)"
Hologram : "correction change the form the Flowers born out of peaceful water wants to grasp all can't do because of being born categories of emotional norms being from flowered or logically nimble forms thus creates the fire for them of intelligible never analyzable situations(all un..,..WaterFire,all the Waterflower Sisters un..)..thus it's impossible to do anything there in terms of characteristics,emotions,differentiations, meticulousness or intellectuality(all un..,..WaterFire,all the Waterflower Sisters un..)..we know a few of them namely Viol flower and most importantly mind the name Lillie flower(all laugh..lot,..Lillie flower,Gary and Lillie laugh..lot)..and the eldest one we know is a bit different to the 4 subsequent versions compeer what would you do in a place where you work should have a character that's a devil isn't it no matter the active beginning or the ending potential of days(all un..,..DaisyDevil,Daisy un..)..the latest two versions as our reports say are completely devoid of intelligence only incision in the elder one obsession in the latest rhymes doesn't it with ensuing the greatest(all un..,..Sensational Sinisters,all the Waterflower Sisters un..)..thus no it's redundant there rather but here the cities will serve our purposes except a few beings Simile Popcorn the most(all laugh..lot),this being is normalising


admin head(angry) : "i don't want to hear anything i'm not letting anyone loiter around my location unaunthenticated it's because the targets are all the cities which doesn't have a well structured gym RHYMING WITH PING(all un..)..you all will chalk out how to figure out your freedom of expression and speech i'll enforce curfew in my location by the time i reach home i'm out i'm out of REACH just cause it rhymes(all un..).."
..(Yellowburst city has been put under curfew for some unknown reason abruptly)..
Police(head,agitated) : "what do you mean unless we work alone government cannot function (all un..).."
government(official) : "correction Sir change the form we can't do it daily yearly the hologram cheers(all un..,Violet..Sanity...Sanity..running down my veins,all un..,Daisy..thus I don't ask oh me for mental only rational help,all un..)..


..................................
(Faraji and Buppha are classmates at Yellowburst in high school after the end of their first year)
//Raaziq+Deborah(Pewter)//Suren+Petunia(Yellowburst)//Vanna&Grigol(Pewter)//Symphony(Frucifern)//Deur+Fantasia(Frucifern)//Nessa&Ghumair(Rimsable)//Abioye&Darakhshan(Cerulean)//Twinkle&Dizhwar(Zipgarnet)//[Ansu&Bhavin->Cerulean]//Enkhtuya&Javier(Zipgarnet)//Satoshi&Ivory//Cuneyt+Vovam(Zipgarnet+Yellowburst)
..................................
(a week later,at a training facility,recorded by both)
Faraji(excited,watching other trainers practice is playing against Buppha) : "yes!now see this Buppie this is damsortibos-lagabumnot-perimistor slice attack of Ursaring(all laugh..lot).."
Liuxe(excited) : "do the fetramsum..yeah take that Freezie it's the neptohomic vault..yeah!(all laugh..lot).."
(Hologram coming in)
Trainers : "hang on,hang on all whose that pokemon(all burst..,Brock,Gary,Goran,Goy and ...)"
Hologram(coming in,singing in hand combat stance..) : "
when you think with me you're done..
alas your satisfaction of you upon you turns me on(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)
I so much like to watch you the idea when cognition is asleep(all laugh..lot)
Intellectually lying there so peacefully while you mentally dream(all un..)
Thus when I the self walk in your attentive house you'll never hear me(all un..)
Thus you think you're alone, but you're never alone cause you're with ego the sanity of ME(all un..,CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..).."
Some trainers : "so you're intruding other people at work now given what you yourself just said surely it proves your honesty(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "personality(all un..),you know when i was of you age.."
Faraji(very excited,he and Buppha both came over to stand with the other trainers rest didn't want to get involved) : "time will be unable to detect when only point(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"
Hologram : "to 'certainty : the disjunction of ego,countering'(all un..)"
Buppha(excited) : "as if one is certain yet knows to be that to him then the disease of reflection he can't forgo,countering reflectivity that's the self itself the idea of it compelling it's own self to against ownself get ready to throw(all un..,Goran..SELF TO SELF TICKLING,all un..)"
Hologram(thumping..clapping) : "GENGAR!(all un..)..(putting in a hand combat stance)..
sanity..means that it may..do things to me only critically(all un..)/thus parity..of me and the reference no matter me..is all just the meaning of being virtually(all un..)/thus being..is what is..to be a realist against action elastically(all un..)/thus either end..is tied to all..but that is just there to be against not being  hence the viseversa rolls holographically(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)/amity..between difference..is the perception of mind against cognition to BE integrally(all un..)/thus indifference..of volition..is for reaction to be originally(all un..)/hence to be..and so to see..is against intellect being morally(all un..)/thus looking at being..or if not..is just the logic of duality symmetrically(all un..)
..thus indeed it's not of much use unless the necessary that is to be meaningfully meaning orthogonal to being actually,countering(all un..)..any obstinacy on provability of conjecture veiled by possibilities of logic noticed(all un..).."
Faraji(excited) : "would've been if this what you described was said in sentence without this rhyme cause what you said is that being in untenable if it becomes dual due to lack of provability to duality but the sentential structure would've countered it's logic of justifiability of significance on which it superimposes itself to be discernible that consciousness being polluted by words frees up it's surreality by means of rhythm with incorporation of more possibilities of meaning in terms of neutrality(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS).."
Buppha(excited) : "but on the other hand as part of being at present the conjecture isn't provable in duality or reality discernible thus the manifold of possibilities only veils the fact that consciousness only represents the activeness of soul which is not representable by anything but actuality as in sentence and rigour countering(all un..)"
Hologram(thumping..clapping) : "BIMRUNBOPAURMULIGNEJ!(all un..)..but what would this existential relation mean to be..categorically though not substantially(all un..)"
Faraji and Buppha(unison,very excited,high five) : "the start is paramount not the exact point spatiotemporally(all un..)"
Hologram : "co-efficiently not parametrically for that you need origination compeers,origination of meaning that is sentience,consciously countering(all un..)"
Faraji&Buppha(taken aback and confused) : "um..(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "sentience : the skill of obscuring pivotal potency of reflective countering(all un..)..thus by means of precision you can demonstrate functionality..of relatable implausibility,countering(all un..)"
Faraji&Buppha(very happy,beaming,unison) : "yes!that is the full meaning of that piece,'voidness : the strategy of morality'(all un..)"
Hologram : "phenomenal porosity(all un..)..thus being there as a non object only opens the door back to sanity,the real construing of dual conformity thus is self sufficient notwithstanding that hence the sordid redundancy of objective desirability(all un..)"
Faraji(a bit concerned) : "um..yeah but i don't know how to actuate it Sir hence it's just something that ever eludes me.."
Buppha(a bit thoughtful) : "yeah hence i do all things alright but there is this excitement always as if i can but never the realization that the i in it is neither doing nor changing from it's original self reflectivity thus as you say countering(all burst..)"
Hologram : "confidentially(all un..)"
Faraji(beaming) : "yes!means actually the precision you said is of the nature of reflectivity thus indeed impossible to analyze in duality(all laugh..lot).."
Buppha(smiling) : "yeah thus i realize i must be non resistant to being,being an illusion will not hold itself if i'm indifferent to it as you said always countering what is only logical not vital being in relativity which is countered only if i'm neutral to being thus isn't possible no matter the logical counter so this whole idea just doesn't allow any indulgence into duality(all laugh..lot)"
Faraji(excited) : "no you didn't put it rightly Buppie being to thee rather than being to be that is me is something that no matter it's effectiveness puts you on a path around anything deemed as a thing as if it is so it's very definition in meaning frees you up by means of reflectivity(all un..)"
Buppha(excited) : "yeah thus it's personally so griming as much it is professionally maddening(all un..)"
Hologram(thumping..) : "PALOSSAND!(all un..)..that's the prelude to 'self : undecidability of sanity',countering(all un..)"
Faraji(smiling) : "yeah right..(a bit surprised)..hey where did all go(all burst..,Gary,Goran,Goy and ...)"
Buppha(laughing) : "to space itself undefined unless they did vanish in it(all burst..)"
Faraji(laughing) : "no all they are afraid of is their personal life becoming professional in terms of situations no more conditions(all burst..)"
Hologram : "another : the mismatch of clarity,countering(all un..)"
Faraji and Buppha(excited,high-five) : "functionally not operatively(all burst..)"
Hologram : "the later being dual thus the former only so in potency,countering it's conception the sanity(all un..)"
Faraji(laughing..) : "um..yeah dad was saying the other day how he couldn't attend a meeting the day after meeting Mr Tantrum he said he affected my logical faculties(all burst..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS LOGIC/OH GUZZLE THUS THE PART OF IT THAT'S PSYCHIC,all un..,. un..).."
Buppha(a bit disappointed) : "still Freezie atleast uncle is understanding mom is so hellbent to sent me to uncle's place at Fomsauter City being Hoenn she thinks it's safer for her intuition(all laugh..lot)..but um..i have a question Mr Hologram that is um..if i apply for a job at the factory how should i prepare myself to approach them cause any desire to work there they will pick up and turn me away(all laugh..lot)"
Hologram : "what does your bro say on this compeer.."
Faraji(thoughtful) : "um..no i told her many times that it will no matter to you realistically if it does then they will be validated to turn you away they can only help the gross you can't depend on them to tell you what you will do when you think you're you cause that's implausible as you're not not you(all un..)"
Buppha(bit annoyed) : "i didn't say that you jerk i don't know what to do in gross cause right now i don't know how to do road work and neither do you(all laugh..lot).."
Faraji(bit thoughtful) : "no not quite i've been thinking about the food for sometimes now not me while eating the excretion not me while excreting the satiation or dejection not me and so on but i don't believe these provide any framework for road work at all cause it's like similar to you i also can't go away but your confusion on what to do there is only your obstinacy with logical conjecture hence only i said always Buppie,when you study study the notion not it's relative position(all un..)"
Buppha(a bit thoughtful) : "yeah but i don't know how to do it reliably to self cause it will hinder any notion having to uphold it's uniqueness against the very intellect(all un..)"
Hologram(thumping..) : "CUMVORITOMLABOFBUT!(all un..)..
when i was here i thought saying hi(all un..)/as i was indeed but found to be my(all un..)/thus this idea of being is to not be you(all un..)..thus looking at duality or real peek-a-boo(all un..)..thus in counter illusion take this moment ever always new(all un..)"
Faraji&Buppha(very happy) : "YES!that's from 'ELATION : THE ECONOMY OF ETHICS'(all un..,..LASTLY THE PROFESSIONALS OF RANDOM CRITIQUE,all un..)..but um..just a thing bro we both mizerably failed at Frucifern selections Freeze was out because he felt he did a thing best he could do# and i failed cause i wanted to do better than what i was doing#..why was it so tell us tell us#..Choiced Brats,#.."
Hologram : "vision : the turbulence of notion#.."
..................................
(Ansu and Bhavin are very young kids they are twin brothers both 6 and they study with Pedahzur,their parents Hamil and Camila work under the Cerulean branch Buppha's mom Laurella's corporation at Yellowburst,they are going to the Oak Lab with their kids as they wanted to see the lab hearing about Randy Tantrum from Pedahzur)
..................................
Hamil(a bit concerned on the entrance to Pallet as the bus they took doesn't enter the town) : "um..excuse me Sir but it was said that you will go upto Neostrop park this is.."
The bus attendant : "the vulture's shore..get the f.. outta here(all un..,Violet..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all un..)"
(they are forced to alight,Neostrop park is 3 miles away from that point as inscribed in the sign)
Camile(a bit worried) : "um..we should eat something here Hami this is the last stop these days i guess hence this turn is created even the biggest Military tank can turn back(all burst..)"
Hamil(a bit angry) : "yeah the road in front has been wiped off as well as written here spatial conservation countering(all un..)"
Ansu(excited) : "why are we stopping here mom i can't see any vultures as uncle said here(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"
Bhavin(a bit thoughtful) : "um..no you didn't interpret it properly Ansu he was angry means neither could he see so he was angry on himself for not getting what he interpreted not angry upon us(all un..)"
Ansu(a bit thoughtful) : "um..may be hence in frustration was angry but that wasn't the meaning rather the understanding saw(all un..,..THE MEANING)"
Camile(a bit concerned) : "anyway dears let's eat something here we gotta walk a bit.."
(Tempest and Benjamin coming in..)
Tempest(singing) : "la la la la ah ha ah ha/look the sky is clouded now alas duality cautions Lunala(all un..)"
Benjamin(singing) : "thus the reaction to action or the vise-versa even if it's so/is the combination of difference says indifferent Solgaleo(all un..)"
Hamil(a bit concerned) : "um..excuse me.."
Tempest(thoughtful) : "correction change the form you mean am I perceivable to YOU(all un..)"
Hamil(laughing) : "um..yeah nice to meet you Si.."
Benjamin(thoughtful) : "r..Sir,Sir : the veneration of motive(all un..)"
Hamil(laughing..) : "um..yeah that(all laugh..lot),but um..me and my family we set out to come visit the lab my kids are classmates to Pedahzur Piprontif,who with his little bro and parents met Mr Tantrum at a Cerulean beach hence has been too much influential to our sons too(all laugh..lot)"
Ansu and Bhavin coming in(excited) : "bro are you the vultures they talk about(all un..,Brock and Violet..THE VULTURES OF HONESTY,all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy&...)"
Tempest and Benjamin(very happy,doing the shadow of a hand combat match) : "SURUPTISOMONOSATIBOM!(all un..)..HEY!PRESENCE PRESENCE PLAY!(ALL UN..)/NO PRESENCE PRESENCE SAY!/THAT WHEN YOU ARE IN COGNITION WHY YOU TELL ME THAT I NAY(all un..)/THUS IT'S MY TIME TO SHINE..I'M GONNA GET WHAT'S MINE..THAT'S YOUR OBJECTIVE OF REFLECTING THE VOID OF MINE(all un..)"..
Ansu and Bhavin(excited) : "um..yeah but Pidu said i wanted to dance with Hoopa uncle(all un..
) but we here rather want to do what you two are doing that we see in TV but they hit each other your ways are more um..what is the word of um..what is more like sharp but can't be touched like..only..(all un..,Gary,Goran,Goy..I'M THE TRACEY OF SUBTLETY/THUS THE FOX AFFORDABILITY/LOOK AT MY PROFESSION-I'M JACKAL OF CHE.RY,all un..,Tracey too un..)"
Tempest and Benjamin(unison,excited) : "SUBTLE(all laugh..lot)..well the reason for the different feeling is that what we stated means that we're offending conceptions only if it was Mr Tantrum he would've said,i'm gonna get what's mine..the objection of your proposed chime(all un..)..thus he would've said to the void that it only gives a parametric structure to the conformance of self with it's understanding of indifference itself impossible to be void only if technically not rationally countering(all un..)..if nothing is present like everything then if the observer is present he contradicts himself with presence and if he's not he contradicts his decision to not be apparent thus countering existence with it's own self conformance(all un..)"
Ansu and Bhavin(giggle) : "um..yeah that's why you two didn't hit other like what we see cause you only meant to show yourselves that you can not to the other..but um..(both a bit surprised)..but then why would you say..(giggle as if understanding something suddenly)..yeah we get it you said just cause at presence of presence you wanted to see if it's truly present or just meant that you are present to it(all un..)..but um..(both a bit perplexed)..what does it mean(all un..)..(giggle)..yeah what does it mean what does it mean(all un..).."
Benjamin and Tempest(excited) : "MAGNEZONE!(all un..)..when i was present to present this rhyme/i found that while doing so i wasn't presently in the rhyme(all un..)/cause to do to do to do to do to do do..is always indifferent to doing the very do(all un..)..thus it means only a counter to describe the can not do(all un..)..thus why to do but not do do do do do(all un..)..look the definition of doing reflects only to to to to to(all un..)..thus together they only mean the void to be not true(all un..).."
Ansu and Bhavin(very excited,bouncing,in same rhythm) : "YES!that's why all couldn't say what these strange words actually mean except Hoopa uncle(all un..,Violet..HUMDRUM HUMDRUM NOW THIS GUZZLE/AS UNLESS IT ASKS IS TO BE THUS NUZZLE NUZZLE..ME,all un..).."
Tantrum and Benjamin(excited) : "..anything if said to mean itself it's saying what's not it wants to mean but that it's only taken dually thus true..thus to say nothing uncle said Hoopa Pa Pa Hoo(all un..,Brock and Violet..THE SHADOWS OF MORALITY,all un..,Gary.....)..duality means anything reflecting itself thus to itself never true(all un..)..but if in duality that's not possible to describe as in description duality is always there thus why try to know it to BE true(all un..)..cause BEING IF ITSELF SAYING IT'S ONLY DUAL TO REFLECT THE TRUTH OF BEING TRUE(all un..)..thus..(doing the hand combat shadow)..oh real now you live here playing peek-a peek-a-boo(all un..)"
(Ansu and Bhavin are very happy and dances around with Tempest and Benjamin as they do the shadow,Hamil and Camile laughs a lot clapping..Temujin and Ghasiq were coming too following them now they reach the place..)
Temujin(a bit thoughtful) : "hallow compeers are these young compeers of ours the moisture of condition's causal hue(all un..).."
Benjamin and Tempest(while doing..) : "the parenthesis of cue(all un..)"
Ghasiq(thoughtful) : "oh yeah the nutrition of causality that's the prospectors not explorers of logical ensue(all un..)..anyway you two may take them to the lab it's too warm out here for them Sir,'mam you can come with us but any objections as to our reliability as logical beings(all un..)"
Hamil(laughing..) : "no not at all(all laugh..lot)"
Camile(smiling) : "um..but you two have big instruments and are on bicycles and are sweating so much.."
Temujin(thoughtful) : "no it's ok they can carry the young ones(all laugh..lot) we can carry these as what is present is always the disgrace to honesty unless it says it can represent,countering(all un..)"
Hamil(laughing..) : "yeah i understand now Cumi the significance of that piece,'Watch!A Critical Hologram!'(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)"
Camile(laughing) : "and surely there's a solution for them to avert the bumpy road ahead.."
Ghasiq(thoughtful) : "yeah this Skarmory for them and this Mudbray for us(all laugh..lot)"
..(Hamil and Camile walking along with Ghasiq and Temujin)..
Hamil(smiling) : "um..well it's just so awesome to meet you all you know finally we really.."
Ghasiq(thoughtful) : "it's ok Sir you may proceed with your queries as 'introduction : the laziness of ethics'(all un..)"
Camile(laughing..) : "man it must be something to keep this up 23/7 for 13 years since 3(all laugh..lot)..but you two..you're teenagers still surely.."
Temujin(thoughtful) : "as states of counting not deciding indeed(all un..)"
Hamil(laughing..) : "well our little brats took to you all like fishes in water(all laugh..lot)"
Temujin(thoughtful) : "improvisation worthy affordable quarter(all burst..)"
Camile(laughing..) : "um..yeah i understand you treat them same as us(all laugh..lot).."
Ghasiq(thoughtful) : "yeah with the rock of causality showing the steel of knowledge that in composition it becomes the meaning that is a Probopass(all un..)"
Gladys(at lab,giggle) : "oh you must be looking after causation then..
oh tracing tracing me/oh howling alas/look formatted optics/gives of class..thus oh i never hi to verb noun never my..uu uu uu uu/fuh phew fu oh ah uu../Facet Cacturne as look it contains why..
oh your heuristics deem me as another so any conjectures requested#..Gladly Syndrome,#,.."
Hamil+Camile(laughing..lot) : "no we understand why existence never belies of randomness..albeit countering#.."
..................................
(Phonecall,Brock and Professor Oak)
Professor(very sorry) : "um..i'm so sorry Brock for whatever happened and.."
Brock(smile) : "no no it's ok Professor it's ok it was expected mom and dad didn't know what to make of the situation hence called me but i know this thing so i told Nidzie it's ok
The Ideas of generality so so near yet only far if feelings char(all un..,..DASHING ROCK,Brock hides..lot)/that if things are illusive that's i whom to believe look belief wants to set a bar(all un..)/thus this feeling of self and it's unbinding is indeed the logical spar/between duality and illusion itself cause reality they felt is the right bar(all un..,..THAT FEELING,Brock shakes..)..so yeah the Police asked me if i felt any danger or anything but no it's ok i might be but i didn't feel that they are(all un..,..DASHING LEADING ROCK,Brock too un..).."
..(Brock being stopped by Team Skull)..
Team Skull(enforcer) : "so finally the reliably ground that we come to(all laugh..lot)"
Brock(smile of satisfaction) : "indeed compeers any relationship is only the feeling of truth compared to when it sounds so thus is the feeling thus it's felt by ego that exposition doesn't exhibit only hounds(all un..,..LEADING ROCK,Brock hides..lot)"
Enforcer(angry) : "erase this brat off off that feeling..that..YOU LOWLIFE#..THAT FEELIN',#,..Brock too un..long,#,.."
Brock(smile) : "i was told compeer just as death said then is unknown ever to past#..
hoopa pa pa hoo pa pa hoo hoo hoo/randomness whose you/as the me see focus alas hunting pass bedlam atlast siphon/hoo hoo pa pa hoo meaning try not cue/as it is only hands-on..
la la la la la/oh dura-lga/coming is look and of new..
oh thus feeling/not in meaning/but that feel of self as i/oh the feeling is alas feeling sees/only feeling's i.."
Enforcer&team(giggle) : "yeah yeah like,we-ah-forlorn/else bias home/population is just my/else we-ah-forlorn/oh me mere own/excavating lexicon bequeathes neigh..naught or near/to what or far/bias is never in population/lexicon you pass/momentary grass/as self else can't be my..
hoo hoo pa pa hoo/atleast () oh DoDo Do now cue/unless that we'll remain so distant thy#..Outlaws of Feelings,#,.."
Andrew(was contacted,angry) : "Dr Berry will pay () PROFESSIONALLY AS A PERSONAL EXISTENCE#..The Judges of Strawberry Facepalm,#,.."
..................................
(Kumaglak and Perkha at Bosangria were walking at a park,they just about became a couple)
Kumaglak(smile) : "anyway dear it's getting late now given all we should go to the gym.."
Perkha(bit sad,  Kumaglak) : "nowhere but there where.."
Kumaglak(tendering Perkha,smile) : "we'll see that being at home ok..(Perkha just about broadly smiles but then both a bit surprized now hearing something)..hey what's going on here(all laugh..lot).."
Stranger : "Oh Beep Beep Pip If/If If Want/Criss Corss oh Beauty One/Beep Beep Sip Tip If Keep Want/Lift Pip Tick Seek Click Oh One..greetings compeers is anything two(all un..,Kumaglak+Perkha..Beep Beep Oh Beauty One/If Tick Picking Seer Criss Cross Want,all un..,David+Zara..Aim Blurred,#,.."
Kumaglak+Perkha(laughing..) : "um..no not(all un..Burim+Baiza..um..,shuu..This This Oh I Seep If Want/Oh Aim Beep Beep One,all un..,Burim+Baiza..Photoshop Apps,#,..)"
..(Popcorn coming through a road beside the park with Yarrow on her shoulders)..
Popcorn(singing..) : "child child or intellect riled riled(all un..)/that is just another look just doing styles styles(all un..)..what's the next step to wrap it with vanity rather than minimality compeer(all un..)"
Yarrow(very happy) : "um..yeah like from where we learn the meaning rather than like..um..seeing the meaning(all un..)"
Popcorn(excited..) : "RAYQUAZA!(all un..)..finding a flying kite Arrow in the sky without being able to know who is the one flying it thus that one isn't either thee or my(all un..)..thus to observations the elusive dragon says hallow never hi(all un..).."
Yarrow(very happy) : "yeah like the two persons here no matter what they say or do it's all the same if i can't point to them as you like..like..(all un..)"
Popcorn(singing) : "Qua Qua..Qua Qua Qu..Aqua Qua..QuaZaaa(all un..)!/read existence now tell me how if i am you as me then how the detached am is seeing the being of me called qualia(all un..)..thus which was the previous question compeer(all un..)"
Yarrow(very happy) : "the interaction between va..um..like me and um..like me and what i just see(all un..)"
Popcorn(same..) : "that's vanity and minimality of reaction who acts then(all un..)"
Yarrow(very happy) : "um..like as you said like if it's me then it will be like not there unless i can answer how it's me so it's like um..none does it if like..um..i can be like..very precise about this then rather it's like um..the precision not um..me(all un..)"
Popcorn(very excited) : "STITARTOMOSDRAGUM!(all un..)..
consciousness or effective guile(all un..)/that is just self,reflection thus be mild mild(all un..)/to be or not to be i,me my or mine/is just the preposition to being the chime(all un..)/happiness or satisfying pleasure/comments attention that all left as now i'm in perceptual leisure(all un..)/oh me thus being incorporated to watch over the intellectual child/be detached form it's presence being in it's self mild mild(all un..)..said Qua Qua Qua Ray Qua ZA(all un..)/on being questioned on presence or awareness(all un..) said just the taxation of commitment before the bridge of desire the lane of analysis or will asks the referential toll's plaza(all un..)..Zek Zek Zek Rom Rom Zek Zekrom Rom(all un..)/read apparent is no more as i,me asks to be rampant not just devoted to form(all un..)/Xatu Xatu Xatu Xatu Xatu Xatu(all un..)/evolution of direction or ambiguity for rampant asks integrable Natu Natu(all un..)/that is oh my idea about the other that's your child/regard that being apart from form as just me in name i thus on ownself being own self..thus in duty to be it so..be vigilant in meaning,being on owner the question of being..mild mild(all un..).."
Yarrow(very happy) : "um..sis how to integrate this to all that i'm seeing now around me like in meaning not the um..like what i just see and understand what they are but their meaning(all un..)"
Popcorn(similarly..) : "SURUPTISOMONOSATIBOM!(all un..)..looking forward or to where comes alertness/oh me looking going my why questioning direction difference now harness(all un..)/accidental analysis or forceful inception/oh desire look you are thus rest just your being's redundant actions(all un..)/goal and aim burning instigating will/to be committed to the cause..if not present or is differentiable to another..then intention why to another wheel(all un..)/hence in being me without the self of my child/is being without my oh you rendered hereby as i thus on being be mild mild(all un..)/now look outside of my reflecting mine(all un..)/thus conception tell me to be not just let i the ego gather more of my the ego to let it's universality from potency to actuality chime chime(all un..)/this is danger satiation neutral or emotional fixation/the meaning is just being my being i as self has being as the revered fixation(all un..)/survival food hunger security of being/fetching just for me thus oh my reflect what am i seeing(all un..)/meaning oh meaning thus now introspect the actual oder reversed as lexicon is the one that's your child/thus countering oh definition on meaning be mild mild(all un..)"
Yarrow(very happy) : "then um..i also want to dance to these tunes but don't want to as you're saying mild how to like be always so um..like..happy(all laugh..lot)"
Popcorn(singing..) : "the word's exultation Arrow being happy not in generalized self but specifically being so(all laugh..lot)..exultation but logical constraints of being can't confer/thus to be so oh me to i now defer(all un..)/watch over the logic of conservation of inductive self/just when they return to the base of being alone ask them how can i help(all un..)/hence while spontaneous reactions physical and mental comes oh me be aware/as that isn't your self who is then purity of being mire(all un..)/that's just the desire of things as being other only to be my child/desire take a look at ownself in reflection thus reflecting oh i on me be mild mild(all un..)/oh anger anxiety sloth torpor lust greed makes me riled/but that's just a child of knowledge learning on subject thus be objectively mild mild(all un..)/conditioning to be attached to things/is the detachment of presence only now trapped in tense of being(all un..)/opportunity is only now as else the meaning is to be(all un..)/result and failure thus together would i ask me so how to be(all un..)/thus the ascension of self to existence oh consciousness just your superimposition on commitment the me being the potential child/hence action on yourself being self also be mild mild(all un..)"
Yarrow(very happy) : "um..but um..these words always won't come like you yourself are talking long then again you will like um..be silent other times cause um..like i feel so happy i don't want to do something now just listen hence..um..how to like..um..just have the key to like being um..the exulted me(all un..)"
Popcorn(similarly excited..) : "BABLIPARASUMSOGAMVOK(all un..)! oh devotion to the all encompassing is of that being's child/or the non being all pervading's thus devotion on security be mild mild(all un..)/action or inaction is the adjusting wheel of causation reflection's child/the reflection is the all devouring unanimity of self thus choosing action on the fractal choice of self be mild mild(all un..)/practice of cessation of being through dual methods are just intention's child/intention is dual thus practice on commitment not the exact opposite aim be mild mild(all un..)/the differentiation of self from all that's being is just the self sufficient child/thus why asking it to be of i the self oh self on differentiation of ego from self not being be mild mild(all un..)/if there is self efficacy on reticence look out for the tax of existence illusion's child(all un..,..Reticence Vat,all un..)/that's the illusion of self of being thus oh being on yourself without your self be mild mild(all un..)/if there's self hunger look comes the hound of tranquility relation's child(all un..)/thus oh relation on duality be mild mild(all un..)/if there's the others in abstraction of objectives in reflection of fullness that's the subject of decision's adjective child(all un..)/decision is only a question of the being of self as being or not being thus recursion on self constituent logic of devotion be mild mild(all un..)/so far whatever is just the child/of the ambiguous use of the meaning of mild thus oh being on being being,be in self of i mild mild(all un..)..oh child child look consciousness is piled/telling i to be so hence devoid of being me oh now you on recurrence of my as thy be mild mild(all un..)..any technical usage of lexicon breached by the emotion of metaphors(all un..)"
Yarrow(very happy) : "that's why you said like Qua Qua Qua Qua Qua Qua Qua Rayquaza(all un..)..what's next(all un..).."
Popcorn : "be mild on.. 
Yarrow(very excited) : "you the child of.."
Popcorn : "me oh i thus to.."
Yarrow(excited,spontaneously) : "i oh i be the exulted qualia(all un..)"
Popcorn : "hence what is not me.."
Yarrow(similarly..) : "is just the call of my to be me thus.."
Popcorn : "thee in self.."
Yarrow(similarly..) : "be mild to I as it's only me look qualia(all un..)/(smile)..i just wanted to express me but..then i thought let it be as anyway it's just me so why go out of qualia(all un..)..(a bit self conscious)..um..what did i just say..(giggle)..like did i say like Hoopa(all un..)"
Popcorn : "like.."
Yarrow(very happy) : "um..yeah it would be like same hence um..i should be in all rather than just answering my own spontaneous calls(all un..)"
Popcorn(thumping..putting Yarrow down at Pablo's gym gate..) : "HAKAMO-O!(all un..,..SIMILE Popcorn,all un..)"
..(later Yarrow is with Kumaglak and Perkha,Popcorn left after introducing him to the guards and telling Mr Pablo)..
Yarrow(smile) : "um..hi uncle do you know Hoopa uncle who moves like me but is way taller and bulkier how does he do that(all burst..,Violet..CONFIND HUMDRUM HOOPA/UNBIND HOOPA GUZZLE SELF of HOOPA..thus look now..PA PA PA HOO/UH!/REALIZATION WHY NUZZLE NUZZLE..TOO/AND TO/don't you nuzzle nuzzle..UH!/UH!/Thus Hoo Hoo Pa Pa Hoo/UH!/Guzzle or Humdrum Humdrum..shoo,all un..long,Violet..ETIQUETTES OF THE VULTURES FONTIER,all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "yeah i know him but i never met him unlike your aunty so i can't tell you how he does what he what he does(all laugh..lot).."
Perkha(laugh) : "well when i met him first time he said don't you have any home despite having the shelter of my(all burst..)..so i guess he does it cause he's all alone in his home amongst all thus to this call loneliness he to have his own home away from others who makes him alone he can't say not hallow but hi(all burst..).."
Yarrow(giggle) : "yeah but do you know Popcorn sis(all un..,..Simile Popcorn,all un..)"
Perkha(laughing..) : "no again like your uncle i only heard of her i only know Hoopa uncle and Dr Oak(all laugh..lot)..do you know Dr..(all laugh..)"
Yarrow(bouncing) : "Oak yeah validated as Oak#..Dr Oak Dr Oak,#,..oh yeah he moves like this..step forwa..hush oh my Mr(all un..long)..step bac..Hush Now you fall to Oak(all un..long)/ok then stay..Hush now you don't want(all un..long)..um..what to do th..Hush just do don't let me do poke(all un..long)/this is the right way..to walk past me strangled by on my direction intention's choke(all un..long)/left then come right..right left is Oak(all un..long,Weayaya&Haithem..OH NOW MY MR..Hush Listed OAK,all un..long,Hua&Wijdan..OH NOW MY LILLIE..UM BUT THAT'S NOT ME THE DAGGER BUT MY BUT WHY YOU ASK AS THAT'S ALREADY POSTED FOR SELLING AS CLOAK,all un..long,Goran and Goy..La La La La..so Gary and Lillie you are now officially married congrats..no no look the subsuming Oak,all un..long,Goran and Goy..that we only agree to come to a metaphysical agreement of devotion..under OAK,all un..long)..(bouncing)..then some days later Ansu,Bhubi and Pidu said um..but then we can't remember anything(all un..long)..then he didn't say anything but Popcorn sis took me out here today here to tell explain what he showed there told me to meet two persons who forms a group rather than like like daddy and mom forms Kept-at-Luck(all burst..)..(Kumaglak and Perkha un..)..do you know them(all laugh..lot).."
Perkha(tendering Yarrow) : "yeah we're the ones(all laugh..lot).."
Yarrow(very happy bouncing) : "ok then to show that you two face each other..yeah like Renu and Mojo did(all un..) as instructed by um..yeah their guardians Genkie and Blossie told me call him,brother clap pass/other keep hush(all un..long,Genkai..GARY HELP I'M STUCK..OH NOW MY DEAR..THAN..HUSH..NEAR OAK,all un..long,Blossom..Gary i can't understand this..oh now you hear..yeah i do now..Hush..mere Oak,all un..long,Cedar,Tracey&Brock..WELCOME DR..HUSH..THE PROFESSIONAL PASS,all un..long,Cedar,Tracey&Brock..Thus say Welcome..we were talking about this as you the that broke the attentive Hush,all un..long,Goran and Goy..CAUTION look Coupon!THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM!,all un..long)..yeah now both you simultaneously start as if remember the other then punch if remember the punch then defend(all un..long)..so it was like..um..yeah this paper they gave me with pronunciations given(all un..long)..
Walk..steady steady..stance(all un..long)/Move..ready ready..forget reflective practice not the intended dance(all un..long)/Shuffle..Repeat..One Two..One/Jump not time..Spatial Ones(all un..long)/ready ready..aspire/venture venture..repertoire/attention tension..intention gyre(all un..long)/friction fiction..diction fire(all un..long)/memory..worry no inquire/as living is dead..moment perspire(all laugh..lot)/as steady steady..feel respire/oh ready confusion before to fore..to hide no-where(all laugh..lot)/time space..answer/where end desire..living HUNTER(all un..long,..LIVING PAINTER,all un..)/Refill concern..dying satiation/as you to start end provability of your umpteen faction(all burst..)..hallow hallow..look solo solo(all un..)/thus to say my no hi hallow hallow(all un..long)/bye bye bye bye or tie die lie i(all un..long)/thus to say bye you me welcome not bye(all un..long)..
charge..ready ready homework(all un..long)/dash..thus tasty tasty..roadwork(all un..long)/jab..put salty analogous discretion..if 'e' and look hyphen motion(all un..long)/cross..thus ego either assemble me or purge i the continuous you in pre from my the not me oh you caution(all un..long)..
work and budget twin twin(all un..long)/thus oh desirous your self alone is sanguine guine(all un..long)/analysis and decision surviving in ice oh observer the so smooth alas oh my compeer penguin(all un..long)/thus devotion to detachment attaching compassion no more genuine(all un..long)..
Walk..towards onwards forward why on same ward(all un..)/rush to the conclusion of no more dual swat(all laugh..lot)/thus walk for reason,reason walk(all un..long)/assured in step look real squat(all un..long)..
..(excited)..yeas then what Popcorn sis was telling me on the road..
child child or notions piled(all un..)/that to be another me from i guiled guiled(all un..)/thus oh my ego now look at whose hereby beguiled/to be you really you have to on own self be mild mild(all un..long)/relativity or on my own's effects riled(all un..long)/that is just introspection thus oh me on actions be mild mild(all un..)/actions are designed to fetch a result of me no more piled/upon the hollow of being fullness on objects thus be mild mild(all un..long)/fear fear or clarity against reasons riled(all un..)/that is just you thus i on my be mild mild(all un..)/curtain curtain of duality on real piled(all un..)/that's the practice oh observer on self be mild mild(all un..long)/being being or seeing after seeing piled(all un..)/that is the self of i oh me thus on your own self be mild mild(all un..long)/oh living hunter thus looks retrospects piled/that till now it's just me till on then thus now be mild mild(all un..long)/empty or full or vanity riled/as it to be here has to fetch self from there thus on being of here couldn't have smiled(all un..long)/space or help to sell intelligence to difference rationality on consciousness riled(all un..)/that this this this in construction thus to understand both subjective you on objective i via witness of goal be mild mild(all un..long)/waking up or again going focused/thus oh my tiredness are you the same intellect on situation logically cautious(all un..long)/situation or validation set riled(all un..)/against modeling of soul that lion's share is given to me oh i on begging you be mild mild(all un..long)/service service or practice of tactics piled(all laugh..lot)/working for or by if work is self sufficient in resulting goal desirous witness to your soul of sufficiency be mild mild(all un..long)..
oh de di de di desire/look work work..just your leisure(all un..long)/approach approach..thus where(all un..long)/by being oh desire..you've dug your grave of separation look quagmire(all un..long)
walk walk..leisure/thus squat squat..on-being-tire(all un..long)/that now duality of aim..inspire/aim is to be validation against own self inexistent if is a being..thus self perspire(all un..long)
playful playful concentration/busy busy on being self's concession(all un..long)/that either already of empty sensation/walk walk with sensation..the stick of causation(all un..long)
hindrance of ego thus strike another only in succession(all un..long)/another strike thus..self's perfection(all un..long)/bumpy bumpy..qualia/strike strike..view and visage call intelligentsia(all un..long)
walk walk..forward/never bound..no reward/walk walk..situation/never dual..no confession
thus walk walk ever Refilled Concern(all un..long)/As self and being mere playthings Coffin of validation for their conservation no more saunter in succession(all un..long)/As walks now in full not trying to fragment the fully-able section(all un..long)/Thus to all-pervading..shadow of doubt look you're in it only as your duality deems you Lastly Phantom(all un..long,Daisy..Lastly the Playboy Procession,all un..long)..
..yeah it finishes here..but(giggle)..did i sing just like Popcorn..um(a bit surprized,giggle)..yeah like whatever come up is like only me fighting against self just to be assured of it hence um..like to walk properly it should be like just the return like if i have to go to washroom i don't think at all or walk hesitantly(all un..long)..so like whatever comes up like what Popcorn sis said is like just a popcorn if i stay out of my business..(giggle)..like if me comes then me the most you-ing..(bouncing)..then like what does it mean what does it mean what does it mean..(very exicted)..then this is just the self again so like just to be for it the most ensuing(all un..,..Simile Popcorn,all un..)..(a bit surprized)..so simile should mean anything that instigates the meaning like what i want to mean comes like..um..in examples like red dog both are separate but any red dog from the other if another from it is pointed can't be another..(giggle)..yet they are separate if like they aren't connected so this can be the simile of i and you to me as Siphon sis(all un..long,..Verily Verbatim,all un..long) said the ever all devouring lexical pass happens by itself the validation only in itself to be true says the same(all un..long,Cedar..Verily Verbatim Self the Solution/Being the Mural is just the water in necessary that's reality's Siphon,all un..long)..(a bit self conscious)..um..why are you two crying did i say anything bad(all burst..).."
Perkha(wiping her tears up,picking Yarrow up in her laps) : "no dear you didn't say anything bad it's just the duality that you're not my own family that's now sad"
..(a few people coming in)..
person1(frown) : "yeah so this is all about it Pirrie huh.."
Kumaglak(angry) : "come outside and we'll settle it.."
person2(laughing..) : "oh yeah it wasn't like this was it Pirrie when your.."
Phantom(coming around) : "I said me lord..Phantom thus you God(all un..)/Lastly Phantom Me/Ghastly Phantom See(all un..long)/OH Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down God(all un..long)"
person1(scared,angry,shouts) : "hey hey you can spare that line ok(all un..long)"
Phantom(similarly..) : "Phantom oh see now..Phantom i bow(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom How..Hunt Down Now(all un..long)"
person2(similarly..) : "no we didn't do anything to Ash(all un..long)"
Phantom : "Phantom Phantom Last..as if you're at then Hunt Down Ash(all un..long)/Oh Phantom Phantom Pass..witness Hunt now down Ash(all un..long)"
person3(similarly..) : "um..no we didn't like the way they treated us at Cerulean () industries tell the owners this for our Ash..um..no i didn't say..oh no(all un..long)"
Phantom : "Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down God(all un..long)/Phantom Now you Lord..Hunt Down My God(all un..long)/Oh Phantom Phantom Lord..Phantom look you God(all un..long)/Oh Hunting Hunting Lord..Coffin Saunter God(all un..long)/Effort Fraction now more look Lord..Thus Lastly Phantom God(all un..long)..Lastly Phantom Lord..Look Ghastly Phantom God(all un..long)/Lastly Ghastly Phantom..Lord Lastly You IN Random(all un..long)/thus reflection look Phantom Phantom God..reflect now Hunt Down Lastly Lord(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down Self God(all un..long)/Phantom Being Lord..Hunt down Conscious God(all un..long)/as Lastly Phantom God..Look Ghastly existing Lord(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Lord..Meaning Hunt Down Phantom God(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Noun Lord..Ghastly Phantom verb God(all un..long)/Thus Lexical Lord..Hunt down Meaning God(all un..long,Cedar..Hellfire Hands-On,all un..long)/Thus Phantom Oh Cue Lord..Hunt down Hue oh me my God(all un..long)/Phantom Hunting Lord..Look thus Phantom is God(all un..long)/Oh My to me Nod..so I hunt Down Lord(all un..long)/To self Ambiguous Lord..Hunt down being clear God(all un..long)/Phantom Being Lord..Hunt Me down-self the God(all un..long)/Oh Hunter Hunter Lord..Look Lastly Phantom God(all un..long)/Thus Hunter Hunter Nod..Hunt down my Lord(all un..long)/As Me the Phantom God..Hunt i down you Lord(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Lord..Ghastly Hunting God(all un..long)/Oh I me my thee Phantom..Lord beware hunts you Phantom(all un..long)/Thus Lastly Phantom God..Hunt down thy Lord(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom Lord..Keep Hunting Hunting God(all un..log)/Phantom Lastly God..Look Ghastly Phantom Lord(all un..long)/Thus Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt me down God(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom God..hunt down my Lord/Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt down i God(all un..)/Phantom Phantom God..Hunt down Phantom thee Lord(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down God/Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down God/Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down God/Meaning Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down Pertinent God(all un..long)..Ash Ketchum..look Lastly Phantom(all un..)/Phantom Phantom Ash..Hunt down my pass(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Ash..suck up from me all thy floating gas(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom Ash..hunt down i to self pass(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Ash..hunt down the Ghastly me to you my pass(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Ash..I Phantom Bash(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Ash..Hunt Down Slash(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Ash..Hunt Down Pass(all un..long)..Oh Lastly Phantom Lord..Hunt down Ghastly God(all un..long)..Lastly Phantom Lord..Thus Hunt Down God(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Lord..HUNT SELF DOWN TO GOD(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Lord..HUNT DOWN YOUR GOD(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Lord..Hunt down i God(all laugh..lot)/Lastly Phantom Lord..Hunt down REAL God(all un..long)/Lastly Phantom Lord..Phantom look now God(all un..long)/Thus Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down Lastly Surviving God(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down God(all laugh..lot)..any confusion over the meaning of noun and verb of Phantom,Phantom : the morality to self of being if self is asked to be found of a random sojourn of being(all un..long)..thus Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Down Ghastly Ash(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom God..Hunt down to you my pass(all un..long)..Lastly Phantom Lord..Hunt down God/Phantom Real Lord..Hunt down really God(all un..long)..Phantom Answer Lord..Hunt down questioning God(all un..long)/Thus Lastly Phantom Lord..Hunt Down Ghastly Phantom God(all un..long)..any attempt to influence thinking of reflection,towards dogmatic ease of answer to the asked question on the meaning or usage of lexical and meaningful Phantom notice(all un..long)..no(all un..long)..(going away)..Phantom Phantom Ash..Hunt down Ghastly to me Thanks(all un..long)/Phantom Phantom Ash..Lastly Phantom..Can't Pass(all un..long)/Phantom Thus Oh Lord..Hunt down Ghastly Ash(all un..long)/Phantom Thus oh Lord..Hunt down Ghastly God's Pass(all un..long)..Phantom Phantom Lord..Hunt Hunt God..Hunt The Phantom God..Hunt Hunt God..Hunt The Phantom God(all un..long)..(goes away).."
person4(similarly..) : "um..yeah re-registration is ever open you all settle your issues outside as you you will find it inside the issue like Phantom Phantom..um..no don't scare me Ash is the one who was asking the question not you(all un..long)"
Kumaglak(straight,controlling himself) : "Phantom Phantom Space..Hunt Down Rest(all un..long)..goodnight(all un..).."
Perkha(still bewildered tendering Yarrow who giggles at the whole situation tendering Perkha back) : "um..Kumlie could you really take on all of these b.. um.. brats#.."
Kumaglak(making both sit,frown) : "unless they use their heads countering self indeed i could#..you take rest Pirrie and i'll see you when i return honey play with aunty now..i'm going to meet Phantom uncle don't you know him#.."
Yarrow(giggle) : "yeah once i thought i did meet him but actually it wasn't whom i met said no it was may be a um..lie yeah(all un..,Kumaglak+Perkha..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,..)..and who i met was also whom i met later it was a flower whom i met at Frucifern the second time who said if anyone i know it's a personal revelation if don't it's a professional estimation..yeah that flower was named like Lillie flower which i understood before i was told(all un..long..,Lillie flower)..(giggle)..uncle when mom daddy first met i remember daddy always gave me many flowers and chocolates and still does but not flowers anymore what does flower mean#.."
Kumaglak(straight) : "the essential dear what is there to be have what is required and it's always me thus that itself pointing that out to me makes me the i no more me but thee just as any phone rings to ask something from not about me#.."
Yarrow(very happy) : "yeah yeah Hoopa uncle said like any progress is only the path of average not fixated for that the goal must be actual not intentionally fabricated..(giggle)..is this why those fellows suddenly became so serious aunty#.."
Perkha(smile) : "certainly honey..that's the popcorn not the self of jaunty#..Perkha..Reticence Vat,#.."
Kumaglak(smile) : "right stay here you two i'll return soon i was going to where i met Phantom but i know now i'm going only to the Police of whom#.."
Outside(just as Kumaglak opens the door,all the ones who were pursuing them,too happy) : "we heard all Kumlie you'll need a job too come over we were about to rush out when we saw that gentleman there Mr Andrew Asompor that is Mr Andrew Asompor,gentleman,self proclaimed#..(giggle)..like,Oh Gyre Gyre continuity/oh Gyre find whose is duty#..DoDo NotSoSure,#,..how and why he came none knows which is what felt to us like the burden of truth has left us alone and oh so lone and that song we recalled with his degrees infact that degree told us of that song as in um.. yeah like a common place#..Selfish-being-Test,#,.."
AAsompor(scowl) : "i was at Bosangria compeers where i was sent this film of this whole saga Simile Popcorn was teaching a little kid the key to movement from somewhere to somewhere thus obviously really made not honestly a true existential shade as that's the whole ocean of unanimity to fend#..then the local Police referred me to here who complained that as Lastly Phantom was last seen they were told in the voices of all you scoundrels and your fiancee Mr Kumaglak this record.."
Wheel(being heard at the police recording as they caught the images of Phantom) : "Oh vision look is at my deal/oh Police what is if it also a feel/oh i thought i'm at my wheel/oh Police wheel ran to feel..
Oh Police me look at thy wheel/o Police intention comes how to deal/as oh Police it's to be known/Oh Police garlic of how now just shown..
Oh Police help us now/Oh Police as i'm am the sough/Oh Police to be something/Oh Police some asks of ping..
Oh Police who am i/Oh Police asks something my/Oh Police how to deal/Oh Police look only you is at i of feel..
Oh Police me look at thy wheel/tell me how good to see this feel.."
(recording stops)..(scowl)..explain this situation according to your combined history#..Kumaglak..Intention Garlic,#.."
Person1(solemn) : "very easy among us Kumlie and Pirrie are chosen to serve us do you feel jealous or proud of self that just thereby itself surpassed..the most redundant Sir we want an explanation on profits and work hours according to not them but us#..hence ofcourse it's preset given the Police volunteers to be the security for future to pass.."
Kumaglak(giggle) : "the most rotating according to time : the conjunction that last#.."
Police in-charge(were with Andrew,solemn) : "Bosangria () has () vacancies owners have () left is taxes just this month rest performance based means self automated..Sir i'm sure atleast ()..(all un..long,..Kumaglak+Perkha..Vagabonds of Justice,#).."
AAsompor(scowl) : "if you all and that toddling brat#..Kumaglak+Perkha..cigar cigar on the smoke..expectation Phantom/as properties only is essence felt as this oh so random,#,Yarrow un..long,#..can't figure out how to make a dual living out of real observation IN ONE WEEK i'll send each of you to Eh Blur#.."
All including Kumaglak+Perkha(bit taken aback) : "um..no#..
Blur(heard) : "Eh..Blur/Compeer/Scare/Only this EH..BLURRED.."
All-AAsompor(discomforted) : "um..no#..Eh Blur..shuu..countering,#,.."
Yarrow(was with Perkha who came over,bit irritated) : "no why don't you go yourself i go to washroom in dark by myself since 2 kept a stick for the switch why don't you keep any self there hum why always me to help#..Kumaglak+Perkha..Mr Ya..shuu..stop there at status of just another compeers else it's just one of random other isn't it#..Yarrow too un..long,#.."
AAsompor(scowl) : "till then next term Phantom move it#.."
Blur(being heard) : "Eh Blur/If There/As then here/Space Eh..sojourner BLUURED.."
All including Yarrow and Andrew Asompor(angry,discomforted) : "hey hey mind your own being#..Yarrow..Photoshop Apps,#.."
Blur(heard) : "eh blur/to do/eh blur/shoo/eh blur/then/eh blur/dual..even..
blur eh/one/eh blur/want..
eh blur/you are/uff par/meh mar..
free free free eh blur free free..vultures..
eh oh ah oh ah oh blur spurred.."
The group with Kumaglak+Perkha(giggle) : "yeah we record what is done not what we do that is so blur as a pun yeah like,Phantom : The Tainted Reflection#..Phantom : The Truth of Lie,#,.."


..................................
..................................



..........
sometimes


GUZZLE GUZZLE NOW YOU GUZZLE/THAT THIS IS ME WHO SO WHERE'S THE PUZZLE/THIS IF BECOMES SO THEN GUZZLE/OH THIS HUMDRUM OF THE SAME YOU GUZZLE(all un..)/


..................................


thus there’s no point in it is there..)”


/rid/hid/grid(greed)//deed(did)/((kneed))/steed/(skied)/mead/


"


’well it’s not my idea but my Tauros said sleep is the state when you want to revise your desires of waking(all burst into laughter)..**

when you eat it’s just your idea to feed(all brust into laughter)..**


hence people came up with ideas against or about me exactly why they became thee(all burst into laughter) if they didn’t then it was just me(all burst into laughter)..**


....(lost line)


yeah one needs to remain detached from himself just as a doctor does while operating doesn’t she senor doesn’t she(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,Daisy bursts into laughter,Tracey shakes his his head laughing)’,’um..yeah indeed(all laugh) and none can go against this cause this is your infamous honestly dishonest hallucination(all laugh)’,’yeah but it has an in-built counter too which it counters’,’yeah ofcourse it’s impossible to stand alone cause all knows unless the there’s the dishonestly honest hallucination that even if they understand that one isn’t being moral or ethical one can’t be detached from himself unless he’s honest but again that itself must be dishonest cause afterall he wishes to live as an individual in the illusion in a state which is best termed as obsession with self mortification(all laugh)..thus in the same illusion he have to constantly find a situation which isn’t favourable to him to achieve this that is the singular thing called normalcy(all laugh a lot) and this is indeed your despondency of sanity(all laugh)’,’indeed not for nothing academia and industry both cherish you so much(all laugh)’,’um..yeah they wouldn’t have if they themselves saw the path of an in-born brat like Druddigon coming to you from wild first hand(all laugh)’,’indeed Dudie is wise you see(all laugh)’,’yeah hence only broadened the horizon(all laugh)’,’well these three ending words are from Professor Dr Ignacio Oak do you know him(laughs a lot,all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)’,’um..yeah I understand how you SYSTEMATICALLY make people go mad(all laugh)’,’well this itself is a double way counter isn’t it(all burst into laughter)’,’hey don’t(all laugh)’,’see why everything must counter everything’,’um..yeah..yeah should thank myself that atleast it’s not in psychic channel given by my region’s best preacher(all laugh)’,’well it would’ve been infinitely better senor exactly why Cili must understand this which he will have to though his son isn’t going to get younger by the days you know(bursts into laughter,all laugh a lot,Daisy laughs a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)’,’um..yeah this itself counters the personal approach of Dr Skechit this too I’ve come to know infact whole world knows his and Mr Oak’s personal life too as models(all laugh,Gary shakes his head laughing)’,’yeah of the dual hallucination of professional personalization and personal professionalism respectively(all laugh)’,’yeah the only way to live if one wants to do what you’re upto since 3(all laugh)’,’indeed 40 years in this senor 24 still to go atleast unless accidents(all laugh)’,’yeah it will only worsen the situation here even if your whole lab is extinguished tomorrow by mob or military cause of as they say that maddening tune(laughs a lot,all laugh shaking their heads,Mehadi smiles at him  im firmly)’,’AH!BEAUTY!BEAUTY!(all laugh) do you understand senor why it’s never psychophysical(all laugh),’um..yeah the translators are going to get far more sinister now that I do(all laugh)’,’sensationally yeah(all laugh)’,’yeah may be the only thing that Mrs Slate would’ve left her profession for completely(all laugh)’,’well she’s been there since the beginning too you see as much Mr Oak is important for my daily mental transactions,most honoured Mrs Violet Waterflower Slate is too in my verbal transaction and her soulmate in my professional transactions(all laugh,Brock pats his forehead laughing),Mrs Oak is indispensable for my physical transactions that is not thinking at all before jumping into volcanoes in a swimsuit cause the state of it’s constituents resemble that of her name(all laugh) and obviously Dr Tracey Skechit and Mrs Daisy Waterflower Cascade Skechit(all laugh) are important for my EMOTIONAL transactions(all laugh)’,’but um..(all laugh a lot)’,’no it’s all of my family which ofcourse you can understand now the more the better cause of those hallucination types(all laugh)’,’um..yeah I get it how you prove to yourself that indeed she’s the unique one(all laugh)’,’well I ever wondered why people can’t logically do it,anyway(all laugh)’,’yeah cause they don’t proclaim themselves to be wicked pros from age of 3(all laugh)’,’well are you curious for me to give you the rigors but are you too Mr Oak are you too(all laugh)..”
Gary(laugh) : “man don’t ruin her career further(all laugh)..” Goy(laugh) : “well a distinctive feature of that pest is that she always volunteers herself in difficult emotional situations only when it comes to me exactly as my whole family does but I understand everyone that there’s a reason yeah I can include my Gyarados too now safely(laughs a lot  ehadi,all laugh,Mehadi laughs a lot  im)..except Doctor Slate(all laugh)..cause there’s absolutely no reason why a gym leader would suddenly start to follow around an egotistical namecall that abjectly showed how much he was so(all laugh)” Brock(laugh) : “well he still shows and that’s the reason(all laugh)..man this menace won’t be found in quite a few years atleast you know(all laugh)..” Goy(laugh) : “well I ever knew that fame and all degrades the views of indifference hence to counter it this method was used which will in return counter that infact which rhymes with Raticate doesn’t it Brock doesn’t it(all laugh)” Brock(laugh) : “well your Shiftree knows best(all laugh)” Goy(laugh) : “yeah but he’s so far below you Brock cause you’re AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!(all laugh)..man no matter what I could never imagine myself saying NO!IT’S INHUMAN!(all laugh)..what the namecall was that Trace(all laugh)” Tracey(laugh) : “the presentation of right proportion of the present or what(all laugh a lot)..” Goy(laugh) : “indeed cause it’s HUMAN!HUMAN!(all laugh)..anyway then senor said,yeah I understand why you’re never stable exactly as your brats(all laugh)’,’I said yeah indeed but can you finish the hallucination of self mortification(all laugh)’..” Tracey(laugh) : “just a sec why would you skip it Mr Ketchum cause Mr Oak wasn’t Dr Oak yet then(all laugh)” Goy(laugh) : “yeah this is pure conceit(all laugh),I said well there are innumerable on-hand ways to classify illusion as so hence to get rid of the thirst of being in general according to cases as you know and they are irrespective of everything thus this has nothing else to do except to announce an excuse for my failure in remaining single,anyway(all laugh)’,’um..no this isn’t going to satisfy you atleast cause as I said you need more and more absurd hindrances to mortify your being while being in it’,’not steadily though you know exactly why Mr Oak’s two bunches are awakened mine only one(all laugh,Gary shakes his head laughing)’,’yeah thus you’ll not tell me and then when I say something will show me to ever just keep me off from..(all laugh)’,’learning the art of beau estimating(all burst into laughter)’,’hey don’t..(all laugh)’,’see why one needs to be PATIENT(all laugh)’,’um..yeah thus constantly be diseased while treating ownself(all laugh)’,’indeed so because you want to view it as so thus confining the unboundedness which ofcourse isn’t possible as you know and seen(all laugh) exactly why translators are such a great thing senor aren’t they..(all laugh)’,’yeah it rhymes I got you(all laugh)’,’SCINTLLATING(all laugh),so now look I got rid of her first sight itself except her ponytail(all laugh,Mehadi laughs a lot  oy)’,’um..(all laugh a lot,Mehadi laughs a lot  oy)’,’yeah when I first met her she was in ponytails I instantly rejected her psychophysically..,but her ponytail remained as a separate entity that had to be appended to something thus she always returned thus saw how she conquered me from the brink of obliteration(all laugh)’,’um..(all laugh)’,’no it’s true really,yeah in my ways she dissolved the whole world into her including herself excluding the ponytail so when she started to not do it in that exact way I had to make sure I get it hence trapped her..’,’um..what sort of..(all laugh)’,’can we insinuate(all laugh)’,’yeah yeah enough(all laugh),would you get on I’m tired with this verbosity(all laugh a lot)’,’well she listened to it patiently for 7 hours once and you only..(laughs a lot,all laugh shaking their heads)’,’hey don’t..(all laugh)’,’exactly senor why don’t you do it for me(all laugh)’,’um..yeah this is the real trap I understand(all laugh)’,’LET’S TICKLE to be COUNTERING(all laugh)..don’t you know(all laugh)’,’yeah better than my non-dead existence right now(all laugh)’,’thus only can spew that Mr Drew Blackmore did too but was a bit shrew hence only could tell Mrs May Maple Blackmore that please dear I’ll stand a bit further from you for the most perfect scene right don’t you cherish me hum sweetie hum(uncontrollably laughs,all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..CIVILITY!EDUCATION!CULTURE!(all laugh a lot)..man this I told him while he was in Kalos of all places didn’t talk with me till being pestered by Cladlie too much(all laugh),anyway then senor says,yeah ofcourse your family is extended only by such heinous means surely it means vomit your favourite subject to discuss with Clem at your cost if he was upset or angry on you beyond the normal limit(all laugh a lot)’,’so he did divulge then(all laugh)’,’then itself so that I don’t indulge(all laugh a lot)’,’indeed but you never expect to be called a namecall did you(all laugh)’,’um..please I’m..(all laugh)’,’well that’s the way to make anything unique too isn’t it where’s an individual senor in the eternity infinite rhymes saw(all laugh shaking their heads)’,’um..(all laugh)’,’that is no matter a namecall or my sis you’ll be only there why would the difference persist senor if the word me exist(all laugh)’,’um..but then..(all laugh)’,’as I was saying same thing if you apply in case of dangers....,you’ll get into this mess of categorization thus force yourself earnestly senor to destroy the self if too hard or too easy senor know you’ll need the help(all laugh)/of another to rightly channelize your wrong discernments of yourself/cause else it’ll drag you to the plurality which in discernment only will help(all laugh)/thus you’re be trapped in a space of beautifully built garden(all laugh)/where you’ll remain the nourisher of all yet a certain beauty will vault into your space screeching in as was the agreement before or silently but OH! So sudden(all laugh,Violet laughs a lot,Lillie laughs a lot  ary,Brock and Gary shake their heads laughing)/thus to mitigate the convention of the idea of illusion no matter it’s temporal burden(all laugh,Daisy laughs a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)/you must not try to discern an individual no matter what but you won’t in this particular case no matter you become soft,neutral or say that you can always harden(all laugh)..
thus you will give into your despondency of sanity at a stage cause the natural illusion itself will take care of it your job is to remain detached to it with an attachment of ideal perfection that’s the reason you’re deluded thus this is a constant process of self mortification senor as you want to say but I only say it’s just once more revolting against the revolution of being the revolution of illusion a self revolution of reality(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,all laugh even more)’,’um..yeah that means Mrs Ketchum is mercilessly tortured each moment by you(all laugh)’,’ofcourse..cause(all laugh),she’s my only hindrance from reaching my DESTINY(all laugh a lot)’,’reality yeah that’s the counter for the in-your-words vultures to massacre themselves in reality who are only the beaus of your brats none but the illusion of being(all laugh)’,’indeed but it’s not at all self mortifying you see rather optimistic(all laugh)’,’yeah only to counter that(all laugh) and that counters this cause still one needs to discern which will go against illusion else you can’t exist in this way at all which will again counter the mortification cause thus you know that you don’t that’s the optimism and so on thus infact I only recently have realized why you never lost a match cause this chain never stops rolling like that is I recall a song..(all laugh,Brock shakes his head laughing)’,’DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST SPIN THE WHEEL/WHEN A BRAT CHALLENGES JUST PUT UP THE LOOK OF THAT STEEL/INSIDE YOU WHAT IS HAPPENING IF YOU DO SEEM TO NEUTRALY FEEL/OUTSIDE YOU THEN WHAT HAPPENS ISN’T IT THE SAME FEELING OF YOUR INSIDE NOW BECOMING THE WHOLE UNIVERSE IN YOUR CONSCIOUS DEAL/I WENT TO BECOME A POKEMON TRAINER/IN SCHOOL THE FIRST LESSON SAID YOU NEED TO HAVE THAT TYPE OF ZEAL(all laugh)/TO KNOW THEM AS YOUR VERY OWN/BUT MY FIRST BRAT SAID THUS WON’T YOU ONLY BECOME OUR MEAL(all burst into laughter,Brock hides his face laughing,Violet uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)/THUS I UNDERSTOOD THAT TO REMAIN MYSELF I NEED TO PAY THAT BILL(all laugh)/THAT WHEN YOU FEEL YOUR’RE JUST YOU OR THE VISEVERSA NO MATTER ISN’T IT ONLY YOUR OWN CRY TO FINALLY BE ABLE TO CHILL(all burst into laughter,Brock shakes his head laughing in same pose,Violet uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter)/THUS I DECIDED TO LET MYSELF LIVE ONLY AS IF JUST A NOUN OF FEEL(all burst into laughter,Brock shakes his head laughing,Violet uncontrollably laughs)/CAUSE IF IT BECOMES A VERVE OR AN ADJECTIVE ISN’T IT LOSING IT’S SEPARATION FROM WHAT IT NOMINATES ITSELF THAT IS JUST THAT FEEL(all burst into laughter,Brock shakes his head laughing in same pose,Violet uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing)/THUS TO REMAIN IN THAT CHILLED STATE EVER I DECIDED TO CONSTANTLY LIVE AND PERCEIVE WHAT IS ITSELF JUST THAT FEEL(all laugh)/THUS I’LL EVER REMAIN NEUTRAL FROM NEUTRALITY CAUSE YOU CAN’T KNOW A FEELING IN THE MOST ABSTRACTION AS ANOTHER CAUSE ONLY YOU WILL HAVE TO FEEL(all burst into laughter,cheers for THAT FEELING,Brock shakes his head laughing in same pose,Violet uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)/THUS I SAID LOOK KETCHUM THE TRAFFIC POLICE DOESN’T FUNCTION PENALISING AN INDIVDUAL FLAW UNLESS IT HINDERS THE WHOLE FLOCK(all burst into laughter,Brock shakes his head laughing in same pose,Violet uncontrollably laughs)/THUS WHEN YOUR VERY OWN REALITY CHALLENGES JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK/JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK/JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for HIT IT WITH THAT DASHING ROCK,all laugh even more,Brock pats his forehead with both his hands laughing,Violet uncontrollably laughs,few moments later)..
a word by word translation of what exactly took place there in those 6 succeeding minutes after-match at Boulder in that greatest day of my career this term Trace being AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!(all laugh a lot)..isn’t it so Doctor Slate(all laugh)..”
Brock(laugh) : “man this is personal murder of a professional(all laugh)..” Goy(laugh) : “well this is what I heard(all laugh a lot)..don’t you believe your baby bro Viol(all laugh)” Violet(laugh) : “man no wonder your family encompasses all including the great Dialga himself(all laugh)..this the absolute crux of the crooked life(all laugh)..” Tracey(laugh) : “but how will he continue to work at all further(all laugh) cause just hit it with that PEWTER ROCK(all laugh a lot,cheers for PEWTER ROCK,all laugh even more)..man this is brat mastery especial for sure(all laugh a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “well atleast I was trying to hit not sketching the calculations first on the fly(all laugh) and why are these two gentleman looking most hideous pros spared you brat(all laugh)..” Goy(laugh) : “no this one even Gary isn’t privy to actually this stuff is unique by all means and he will agree first isn’t it bro(all laugh)..” Gary(laugh) : “absolutely my dear(all laugh) this is just the most uniquely unique feeling(all laugh) isn’t it big bro(all laugh)..” Tracey(laugh) : “ofcourse honey(all laugh a lot)..no this is just exactly what it is which none of we three could do ever do atleast that is to so minutely point out what we think in one word and reveal it unto the whole world via that word itself this is stupendous stuff(all laugh)..but what is his baby Corsola saying(all laugh)..” Mehadi(laugh) : “man the crook has been absolutely fried beyond any return anywhere(all laugh) no this is what my bee sang right after alighting at Unova during at the start of Ciliution infact just the last two lines too gleefully Ayaz was there said what was that song Mehadi cause your bee never sings properly this was too melodious without the melodies(all laugh) I said just that itself the one and only Pewter Rock(all laugh) then laughed saying indeed after listening to that you won’t be able to appreciate anything else that doesn’t literally tickle(all laugh)..this is one of his go-to songs to re-motivate himself but in very difficult circumstances only I never heard it never sings in public the full just the last line many have heard including me,just hit it with that Pewter Rock(all laugh)..infact only Ayaz and and a few at navigation centre heard the previous line but now is recorded(all laugh)” Lillie(laugh) : “man this is indeed just the crook by lines himself(all laugh)..” Daisy(laugh) : “and no it’s customizable thus Dr jackal too is so happy now(all laugh)” Goy(laugh) : “thus you see Brock travel companions indeed have lifelong debts(all laugh)..” Brock(laugh) : “just move it you namecall(all laugh)..” Goy(laugh) : “just hit with the PEWTER ROCK(all laugh a lot)..that feeling(all laugh),anyway but should I stop here ALONE(all laugh)..cause all has it infact Viol


‘indeed do you understand why I exhorted a certain pokemon doctor everywhere being my prime and lifelong inspiration(all laugh a lot,cheers for,A LOGICAL GAME,all laugh even more,Brock slaps himself laughing,Violet laughs a lot)’,’um..yeah I perfectly understand who compels him to play that(all laugh)’,’well all in good times Senor I’ve got even bigger vision for autocracy that very soon


but now Tyranitar and Solgaleos have made their way here along with Spiritomb(all laugh) which means except for the translators it’s impossible to live infact(all laugh)’,’indeed just like food and shelter(all laugh) so then as I was saying this system of favouring a certain group thus had ramifications resulting in remonstrations(all laugh) and this was from trainer’s side that suddenly some people are making too much money but from also the standpoint of the broadcasters the trouble was when a brat becomes champ first region he falls down with ego and all and stills gets the deals for atleast 6 more months that’s abject loss of money for them(all laugh) and it was also true thus even in those 6 months the money that was to paid was just huge and the trouble of self commentary at gyms meant that a brat can only do that and lose each match in next two regions yet get the money(all laugh) so Elite4 had to find a solution as well as the broadcasters thus this techonological bloom came up in live streaming where the subscription were less and all did make the money and whoever worked hard only they got the money from the gyms but this benefited many gyms too thus breeding and so on we suddenly started making money and the source of which was just bonhomie(all laugh and cheers for PLAYBOY,all laugh even more)’,’um..yeah there was a demand for a new technology each day infact by the broadcasters(all laugh) and then there was your own demands which basically meant you wanted to keep track of everyone in the world during the span you weren’t in communication with them so that you can catch up with them after 10 years yet neither side has a trouble(all laugh) and then there was this drive for translators that itself was something that was going on in parallel and how to wrap everything up in the cover of philosophy in a way that it becomes self retrospective was also a problem of even socilogy(all laugh) and thus Mrs Waterflower Slate was in demand all time and her fame just escalated beyond anything imaginable yet Kalos never invited her cause she was being too philosophical or too harsh never gentle I said yeah that feeling(all laugh,Brock shakes his head laughing,Violet laughs a lot)..’um..yeah indeed(all laugh),and thus everything was geared upto 5th and hence people had to either stick with it or atleast try to or just give up thus everything did change and philosophers said this is diluting a grave matter the answer was they were the first by writing things down weren’t they the ones who has already diluted it first why bother about the other if it’s them thus ever another(all laugh)’,’yeah indeed you see this dictum just puts you in a golden cage doesn’t it(all laugh)’,’yeah exactly what happened at that time that things were like a mirage as it’s said so people understood that hard life is only realizable from the point of strength not weakness the more you try to be good the more will bad affect you and thus being relative they really will cease to be being anymore(all laugh) but this all knows just the horrible method of taking in terrible wild menaces like Mandibuzz into it and even more sickeningly expect the utmost brat to review the journey in Choiced language is just outrageous stuff(all laugh) and hence those commentaries at cups and all else that you were doing or other trainers meant many other entertainment bussiness’ went out of market suddenly(all laugh) cause your form of entertainment was self ridicule and yet it just brought out a laugh from all sides and all thought it’s going to be so easy now life but it was the exact counter that it’s with respect to hard life only thus inexistent(all laugh) thus unless running after desires ceases it’s not going to happen(all laugh) and thus the more people realized it the technological advancements shifted towards bombarding one with innumerable ways to monitor yourself on this(all laugh) and this entertainment touched everyone cause here you were getting pure joy away from..’,’bushes yeah(all laugh)’,’um..yeah I know the difficulties that Dr jackal faces by hours(all laugh) for 23 years now(all laugh)’,’exactly why he’s a jackal isn’t he(all laugh)’,’um..yeah thankfully the translators hasn’t yet reached that state and no other person admit it(all laugh) anyway then these all shifted the ideology of everything thus now just to enter primary a kid requires to know absurd philosophy(all laugh) and the only way to impart it onto them is by means of abject self mortification or purification by examples thus this in the hindsight it strengthened relationships and so on then the final kneel has been put down with bro vs beau methodologies(all laugh) and no none talks about the viseversa cause that itself means you’ve fallen in the trap of non-distributive plurality(all laugh) and this if one applies eventually means with the theory it’s just self mortification or purification whichever way one would view it and approach it those who purifies will be more serene else will end up in Yveltal nests(all laugh)’,’right but you see afterall the bottom line was what was the bottom line wasn’t it(all laugh)’,’um..yeah it’s just ridiculous how much money is poured into your profession and even our profession and even general sports have been transformed with commentaries and all(all laugh) so yeah the bottom line proved once more that why it’s all about just running after desires for eutopia cause in reality nothing has changed just the idea of change has tranformed itself as your Hoopa would say not at all politely(all laugh)’,’yeah things have happened but despite the money due to the tremendous demand to be absolutely honest has made our profession of general training which is what I belong to and thus it’s my home so this has only intensified didn’t it(all laugh)’,’yeah this also is a counter to feed the better food to the brats and that is the actual bottom line(all laugh)’,’yeah indeed that’s the gross want isn’t it(all laugh)’,’yeah philospohically yeah(all laugh)’,’absolutely(all laugh) thus as I was saying it just came by itself all the stuffs and will go as soon as they are no more psychophysical the exact desire that keeps you running after them now allows you to run with them doesn’t it(all laugh)’,’yeah thus eventually this duality ceases cause in the


Heck yeah, I breathe you
Darling, I see you
I hope you see me, too
I want to know you
Here ain’t no rocky ground
Yeah, I put one million down
When you walk, I kiss the ground
Hey, hey, I love you
So what we gotta lose? What we gotta move? I move mountains (sing) I can see it through
I can do it, too
Like a prophet (sing, sing)
What we gotta lose? What we gotta move? I move mountains I’d do anything for you
Anything to move
Move mountains
Sing it!
Mountains, mountains
Mountains, mountains
Mountains, mountains
Mountains, mountains
Lord, I am so blessed
‘Cause you come with interest
Fill up my pockets
I want to own you
So what we gotta lose? What we gotta move? I move mountains (sing) I can see it through
I can do it too
Like a prophet (sing, sing)
What we gotta lose? What we gotta move? I move mountains (sing) I’d do anything for you
Anything to move
Move mountains
Sing it!
Mountains, mountains
Mountains, mountains
Mountains, mountains
Mountains, mountains”

and about the Gengar well it’s cause my Gengy and Sablie said the same you see(all laugh) they said after our meeting at the expense of Mr Dacarast’s electricity and hospitality bills(all laugh) that how can you believe that you’re getting tickled unless you believe in tickling(all brust into laughter)..**


they said master brat this not male too emotional for life(all laugh) thus should be tickled to make her realize that being senor is of no use to you is it(all laugh)’,’um..yeah if only the translators were disambiguating(all laugh) but um..’,’you can’t forget me can you(all laugh)’,’um..no none can atleast not Tyranitar if you still(all laugh) but then again I thought ok good hearts but then tried my hands at this profession last year again but yeah at Unova(all laugh) in contests(all laugh) realized once more that no matter the preparations why wild herds are not at all like as you use to call your Ultranercozma that is Ultracozy(all laugh)’,’yeah she agreed with me that you were petulant just that nothing more(all laugh)..but before that senor I would like to point you out two facts that if I wanted to have a relationship beyond just friendship with you I would’ve certainly liked if you would have met one of my dear friends in gross terms Kane(all laugh) but I surely wouldn’t have wanted you to meet my very own big bro that’s for sure(all laugh)’,’um..no it was like..(all laugh)’,’hence still aren’t you assured that there can’t be any reasons behind an illusion cause of it’s definition(all laugh)’,’um..(all laugh)’,’hence only Cozy said you see master brat this idea that this not male has about you being not of her gender is a horrible tragedy unto her ain’t it(all brust into laughter) cause strangely enough she thinks so cause she thinks that she know what ia a not not male despite herself not being so but never asking them in appropriate temporal conversations(all brust into laughter) thus she is terribly afflicted by the emotions that subdues the understandings of different types of nomenclatures that one has each meaning only that the speaker is rather able to speak just that(all brust into laughter) this tremendous urge this not male has to understand why she is sad will only make her even more so won’t it thus if sorrow is cogitated repeatatively then it’s rather most enjoying to them else they wouldn’t have cogitated that to taste it even more thus they are so happy being sad yet want to be out of it why(all brust into laughter) this has to do with their idea of a certain being that they want to be who is already imputed with the sentiment me thus master brat why did you start your career only to end at the same point of shining vivid voidness(all brust into laughter) hence this not male similarly started her process to understand herself only to find herself again why the unnecessary garbages like claiming to be of a certain gender only to bind one down despite knowing the other why(all brust into laughter) hence these ideas are rather troubling her but she should ask herlself that you brat(all laugh) if you can understand me why are you telling me so cause if told of my type then only the other types comes into existence doesn’t it if you don’t have any type how can you be in fear in battles(all brust into laughter) or if you know all the types you will know them as to existing on your own cognition or to the answerer thus how can you know they have any absolute meaning at all cause they only want to know the same thus never happy despite knowing who they are hence this dilema of seriousness(all brust into laughter) thus this not male was serious when she said you’re my goal cause she thought the word goal is rather conjunctive to gratification of herself as if she will be happy reaching that cause she herself said the word you thus she is rather following you how can she be happy by becoming you or reaching your state so alarming this idea of interaction with another trying to know who they are rather than who they aren’t(all brust into laughter) when you ask a question that I’m this but I hear you claim yourself to be this thus show me why you’re not this and I’m not that but if you try to show yourself and me myself we don’t at all help each other do we hence collaboration is useless unless one knows the collaborator is only an hindrence to individuality only thus indispencible how can you know you without not knowing who you’re not(all burst into laughter) thus you try to know them as not you only to know you by which you become not you to be you hence this chain you see master brat is of despondency only unless you question them who you’re not then they drag you into the middle they say I’m not you but you understand thus they are not you hence without you how can you and they both live to begin with thus this idea of specification like I’m doing something to reach my goal is rather retard(all brust into laughter) cause if the goal isn’t you how can you reach it at all if it’s you how can you reach it again if it’s both you and not you how can you reach it by only being so to begin with if it’s neither you nor not you then too how can you reach it by only imagining it thus you see this idea of existence as a whole in the blinking consciousness of being is downright madness isn’t it(all brust into laughter) thus one should try to free themselves up from this idea of being by questioning the being who it is and then who it is not thus it will contradict itself telling you it doesn’t at all exist hence your idea of you questioning then will question yourself thus no being will satiate you at all then that despondency will make you mad master brat ain’t that search for the real being so maddening(all laugh) thus you will keep searching and failing till you realize your idea of you is the trouble to being with thus this search only hinders you but if you don’t search how can you know you’re you cause then you’re only imagining your being again opening the path to utmost doom thus master brat as you should so should she be in pursuit to ask and contradict the question by answer and answer by question to dance to that maddening tune if she knows you how can she define what she is herself cause then she will have to know what’s not you thus after that how can she know you again being still herself(all brust into laughter)..in short->
Now used your pictures on the wall
Which means the wall is no more seen as the wall(all brust into laughter) You can find em in the bathroom stall Which means I wanted to destroy them by making them wet and did so I’m expecting a complement for achieving my goal without getting to a stall(all uncontrollably laugh) There’s nothing left to say it’s all so long Which means you should’ve written them down if you thought you might make a wrong(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of a laughter,Mehadi uncontrollably laughs  oy in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter) This is your goodbye song
As I’m saying so while singing means you should also sing along(all uncontrollbaly laugh,tears,fits of laughter)
La la la la la
This is your goodbye song
Which means you don’t know one ding means the bell has already rung thus why again not walk away but say the dong(all uncontrollbaly laughs,tears,fits of laughter)
La la la la la la la la
UNBOUND Hoopa pa pa ah ha ah ha(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter) Goodbye Goodbye have a nice life
Which means so far you’ve only cut off what isn’t such a life(all uncontrollbaly laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..
Hoopie pi pi hi hi hi hi(all laugh)?
What hush professionalism Lillie Lillie Lillie Lillie(all brust into laughter,Lillie uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing,Gary shakes his head laughing)
Onix tackle Pikachu..
master brat he’s just imagining Villie Villie master brat she’s 20 years older from when..shut up you brats oh my Villie(all brust into laughter,Brock uncontrollably laughs,Violet too uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)
Loony loony loony loony(all burst into laughter,Daisy uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing,Tracey shakes his head laughing)
Mr Skechit the proportion of light represented in contrast is exceeded with the presentation of the very first beam of the day so shouldn’t your idea have been scaled up to represent the nature too along with the natural name saying sunny sunny sunny sunny(all burst into laughter,Daisy uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits of laughter,Tracey shakes his head laughing)
...so now senor says,’hey don’t always be so..(all laugh)’,’CONFINED(all laugh a lot)..thus this is the version UNBINED(all laugh)..

Cold eyes stare back at me,like a white clover If an eye doesn’t have the eyeballs means is it at all sober(all uncontrollably laugh,tears) I keep hiding from myself,you’re taking over Wave I’ve dipped into water now you please now flow over(all brust into laughter) Cold hearts with nothing left,I feel departed Won’t thus you can sleep today uncharted(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA UNBOUND) There is nothing left to say
I’m broken hearted
As there’s nothing to do due to lack of ideas and this breakage shouldn’t you start repairing it making it whole-hearted(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA DISCHARGED)
Don’t you tell me that my yearning is not enough Don’t you tell me that my heart is not enough,to be with you If you already know you’re more than prepared for another are you yourself already your own beau(all burst into laughter) Can’t you see that I’m dying here inside If it’s inside how can that be learnt sitting beside(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA CONFINED,all laugh even more) Can’t you ever see that I have lost my mind Because of you,now goodbye
That you understand it means mind’s of no use then thus was only a bind thus cause of you I’ve got rid of this lie(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)
Because of you,goodbye
When I meet you again even in mind will still have to greet for the sake of civility saying HI(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA UNLEASHED)
I’m Shivering
But neither do you require mental indifference nor a PHYSICAL flame thus you should be overjoyed having found the elusive perfect psychological wavering(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)
Tearful eyes stare back at me
This way it’s tougher
Thus the inability to look the other way is why the tears are coming out cause the mental pain of duality concerning the idea of space is creating pressure in your cerebral nerves the PHYSICAL duality thus it’s trying to mitigate it by distributing the pressure AH!what a great buffer(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA UNRAVELLED)
Sad memories from the past,why did I suffer Isn’t it the same memories always telling simultaneously that thus to uphold the idea of absolute smoothness shining more it will always go towards absolute roughness thus have to be rougher(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA UNCOILED) Too tired to move on,I’ve lost my purpose But sitting down quiet with a discerning mind did create this purpose also the adversities then it did surpass(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,cheers for HOOPA RECOILED) I keep hiding from myself,I feel so worthless Thus there’s no hiding from the feeling of the unattached absolute self(all burst into laughter,cheers for HOOPA BOUNDLESS,all laugh even more) Don’t you say that you can’t live without me now Cause then you’ll hinder my process of being alone that I was pondering over to be HOW(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,CHEERS FOR HOOPA UNCHARTED) Don’t you tell me, ‘cause you didn’t even try to be with me But when I was trying I was only doing so to be ME(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,all laugh even more) Can’t you see that I’m hurting deep inside How can an outsider know the inner problems of a house in which he doesn’t RESIDE(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for HOOPA EXPRESSED) Don’t you know how many times I had to cry, Because of you,so Goodbye
That means you should’ve been bidding farewell happily as you’re assured that after farewell you’ll no more CRY(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY REFINED)..

this comes from Gary and uncle and aunty infact he learnt it from me SUN IN THE SKY/WHY AREN’T YOU NOW ME BUT NOW MY..but this tone meant Mr Oak was even more scathing on personalized professionalism(laugh,Gary shakes his head laughing) thus the context was changed as would’ve any fashion designer office sweeper Doublade won’t he Gary won’t he(all laugh shaking their heads,Gary shakes his head laughing)..so yeah that’s a bit from infinity of HOOPA UNBOUND in both contexts the second proving to you now that it’s impossible to fragment ideas in temporal scales thus infeasible exactly what Dusky has been working upon tirelessly(all laugh shaking their heads)..any idea most honoured dear sis Mrs Violet Waterflower Slate(all laugh)..”
Violet(laugh) : “yeah that is that brat Hoopa is a curse unto the sane life thus is best left confined(all laugh) which means no wonder you’ve found him out exactly(all laugh) man I can understand too how excruciatingly hard a life the poor kid has had to go through(all laugh) then later the press(all laugh)..and no Hoopa is a dictionary term for respected demon infact(all laugh)..everything the great unbounded one does is just insane stuff thus too(all laugh)..and I heard the Villie filly first after our performance thankfully that day wasn’t alive the half of next(all laugh) man I told Ruth your daddy has brought upon real doom unto us(all laugh) she said yeah dad said went to Kalos each time had about 40 ghosts hovering around,later even the likes of Dialga in 3rd floor of a library(all laugh)..Lance ever asked Ruth if she knew the status(all laugh)..cause he since day one is saying as is Professor that unless with his Mehu flower this brat is a hideous curse unto sanity(all laugh)..but now is worse infact with her but atleast his flower can disambiguate better cause previously it was done by Mr Oak(all laugh)..which is a completely different saga altogether but thankfully Mr Oak was more naive hence played the break-up part professionally not personally thus in temporal scales way early(all laugh)..no Goy we haven’t heard your own stories that has to be there one day you know(all laugh)..”
Goy(laugh) : “yeah sure will the Kalos nights are legendary for me how the pests tormented me to absolute death after the blooming joviality(all laugh)..just a small one I read thus any act of charity is for you yourself more than them,had Feraligator(all laugh) and Hoopa yeah always(all laugh) Ferali was hidden by the brats,whom I asked this exact thing(all laugh) says,just a way to show I’m rich hence you’re only making their situation worse aren’t you master brat like telling us to watergun just to show you know the name too(all brust into laughter)..and the Hoopa pa pa came from one day there as well I read something wasn’t happy so just asked Hoopie what is this boy that seasons are so important(all laugh),that means you are just despondent cause you can’t reciprocate at the same time you whisper to yourself(all laugh) then showed what their season is man what an hallucination that was and all other brats joined ever had Confragigus as you know with him as well(all laugh) so was just stupendus fun those nights..**


"
Violet(laugh) : “Mehu flower couldn’t you monitor your projection better(all laugh)” Mehadi(laugh) : “yeah I guess(all laugh)..no this I heard on Johto parting day itself I was emotional so was gibberishing to my bee unfortunately(all laugh) who said still remember,Mehu why so disappointed hum,we’ve travelled together for 7 years now have to go our separate ways for career purpose exactly for what the initial travel was thus this means we’re only progressing towards what we want thus it’s rather to be happy about isn’t it(all burst into laughter)..thank God he’s my soulmate so I knew it’s just proposal without Hoopie pi pi hi hi hi Mehu never Mehadi(all burst into laughter,Goy uncontrollblay luaghs  ehadi,Mehadi too uncontrollblay laughs  oy)..man then I just laughed even then saying Goy won’t you ever for once ask why would the difference not persist(all laugh) laughed and said see the Mehu is now no more so exactly why it means ever not that question rather the reverse ain’t it Mehadi(all burst into laughter) so I just viciously attacked him(all laugh),once more the umpteenth that is.)” Goy(laugh,same pose,Mehadi also laughs at him) : “toffee-flower(all laugh)..but yeah if Hoopa is around at the moments then if like if I said Mehu would you marry me,which means HE can’t do it himself thus only asking thee Hoppie pi pi hi hi hi hi(all burst into laughter) then Mehu says with pleasure if we’re still not you think(all laugh),which means she wants to marry her pleasure not you master brat na na na na unbounded Hoopa(all brust into laughter,Mehadi uncontrollbaly laughs  oy,Goy laughs a lot and keeps tendering Mehadi),anyway,so then I continued,’thus you see senor my Hoopie and Cozy are indeed free from sanity(all laugh)’,’um..yeah I realized that first hand when he greeted me saying I see not male which means you must be at bay with the idea of not aren’t you(all burst into laughter) to which your Cozy said if male is a type and not is only to negate it then why invent the word male to being with only to separate it shouldn’t you ask this to the others(all brust into laughter) so yeah neither that Hoopa nor that Ultranercozma is at all welcome to sanity exactly what they tell new imports to greet them after their first encounter with that maddening tune(all laugh),and yeah I realized later what was going through you and also Mrs Ketchum cause of that long separation so yeah that I realize and also now being married why you’re much more sane cause the Gengar is fully stable now to horrify a few but not most cause they aren’t Elite4 heads(all laugh) excluding Kalos though Mr Percy Karsot seems to be too jovial this days(all laugh) and his deputy Mr Nigel Taumstrong says my Zeraora should’ve said my master has a beau who has showed up here..na na(all brust into laughter,Mehadi uncontrollbaly laughs  oy,Goy laughs a lot tendering her)..and so yeah I understand all but..’,’OH!SO GLORIOUS(all burst into laughter)!NO I WON’T GIVE IN,NO I WON’T GIVE IN TILL OF MR KETCHUM’S PRIVATE LIFE I’M COMPLETELY FAMILIARIOUS!(all laugh)’,’hey don’t be so cruel all times you know..(all laugh)’,’KOMMO-O(all brust into laughter)..’,’um..yeah I perfectly understand why the whole world is so desperate to stop you from entering Huntelion again(all laugh) but no you know you’re never kind to me like it’s..(all laugh)’,’HAKAMO-O(all burst into laughter)..it’s cause you’ve defined cruelity just before and linked it up with me in relation to subtle vives of indiviuality that empersonages(all brust into laughter) OH TRACEY!your name rhymes well so I can rather untraditionally but rhythmically say THROUGHTOUT ALL MY DAYS YOU’RE SO SWEETIE SWEETIE SWEETIE ARE YOU LISTENING MY SWEETIE!(all burst into laughter,Tracey shakes his head laughing,Daisy uncontrollably laughs) despite the fact that you just said hey don’t be so cruel as if I’m exactly your big bro(all laugh)’,’um..yeah well(all laugh)..’,’did you talk with me like this despite knowing full well who I was even during our journey(all laugh)’,’um..yeah but then..’,’why did you wait till the last moment then(all laugh)’,’um..no it just felt..’,’MELANCHOLY of SANITY(all burst into laughter)’,’um..well yeah according to Gengar it tickled(all laugh)’,’bravo you’ve become WOKEN(all laugh)’,’um..well the translators surely had a long back(all laugh) but no my behaviour..’,’OH SO GLOROUS!(all burst into laughter)! Mr Ketchum Mr Ketchum didn’t that moment mean to you that I am VICTORIOUS!(all burst into laughter)’,’hey stop this you are married now..(all laugh)..’,’this idea that you have contradicting your own idea of that dispels which is that I wasn’t so then or you as well is exactly why we can’t appreciate the opposite gender with full knowledge of it can we senor(all brust into laughter)..’,’yeah as those brats say,turning on the self(all laugh) exactly why none can talk with you formally(all laugh) hence Mrs Ketchum is indeed the sweetest person for sure(all laugh)’,’yeah,as is her Gyarados(all laugh) surely you know that why the difference would persist(all laugh)’,’yeah but my trouble was that I had to learn it from Mimikyu(all laugh) who said how can you call me so if you want me to become anything like a pokemon and how can you not call me so if you want me to become unique as anything including pokemon(all brust into laughter) so yeah I understand after seeing a Kommo-O first hand that what type of a brat he will become if poached to feed your grand bunch cause you’ve grown up with one(all laugh a lot)’,’yeah Hikkie(all laugh) was wise(all laugh) but Mimik also told you that this idea that you have that you can travel yet at the same time you have this idea that you may not leads you to pick and choose between desires and actions getting your illusion of yourself into more despondency by feeding it with cognition of will over urge to estrange you in the despondency of action how can you act if you know you’re acting thus not you who is observing and how can you not act if know you can do so that you are observing yourself to be acting thus saying things like I am doing this is of no meaning cause if you are then you’re also the object of contemplation as who can act thus how can you act being inanimate whom you’ve defined on the very basis of inaction but then how can you not act cause the observation is only defined by inaction as well how can you observe yourself out of any action cause that itself you’ve defined as an action so actually what are you doing to being with thus your idea of being Senor and you simultaneously is a horrendous misfortune unto you isn’t it(all burst into laughter)’,’um..well according to the translators(all laugh) but um..’,’your behaviour was validated to you or not according to you then not now in all due honesty of ethical morality in honesty of ethics in morality ingrained firmly in ethics never only(all laugh)’,’um..no I just thought..’,’OH GoyEY!YOU’RE SO BEAUTIFULLY DASHY!(all brust into laughter)’..anyway thanks for patience(all burst into laughter) so then senor replies,’yeah I understand the plight Mrs Ketchum had to face in the break up years with your brat Glalie’s grand theory on beauty(all laugh) but um..no it was just..’,’spit and cough why bother(all laugh)’,’um no it’s..’,’do you think why did you cough after you did so(all laugh)’,’um..but..’,’OH SO GLORIOUS!(all laugh) NO I WON’T STOP COUGHING,YES I WON’T STOP SPITTING TILL I KNOW WHICH IS THE REALIOUS!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)’,’hey don’t..’,’insult you(all laugh)’,’no you always..(all laugh)’,’senor was it only at that point of time or were you doing what I just gloriously told you(all laugh)’,’um..no it’s..(all laugh)’,’why bother if you now want me as your damn brother or then as you did as the other(all laugh)’,’um..yeah I get it should’ve called Mrs Ketchum not you Mittie said none can talk with you personally anymore including Mrs Ketchum herself(all laugh)’,’yeah a this age the issue that I’m facing is how to be a professional in personal life yeah(all laugh)’,’yeah according to Corviknight yeah(all laugh)..anyway,no it wasn’t like that hideous song of yours that you’re propounding as too glorious(all laugh) hence inside the boat I was being called unmindful(all laugh) it was..’,’a glimpse of the splendor of beau counting(all burst into laughter,Mehadi uncontrollably laughs  oy)’,’hey don’t..’,’insult me exactly(all laugh)’,’um..yeah(all laugh)’,’do you understand the counter(all laugh)’,’um..yeah till I confess my longing for my eternal big bro I can’t get out of it(all laugh)’,’why would the difference persist in relations and genders across eternity(all laugh)’,’um..yeah if I were your big bro I would’ve been not treating you as a Kommo-O atleast rather like um..(all laugh)’,’HAKAMO-O(all brust into laughter)’,’Spinda yeah(all laugh)’,’how many crushes have you had at primary school(all laugh)’,’um..(all laugh)’,’Skechit skecthed 5 increasing their age that and the subsequent days when they become more fare mind the spelling(all burst into laughter,Daisy uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..then how many in the middle of Mr Oak why is it called the thought of that school(all burst into laughter,Lillie uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing,Gary shakes his head laughing)’,’um..I went to um..’,’HERE COMES THE GoyEY(all burst into laughter)!OH GoyEY! You’re so sweetie sweetie sweetie sweetie sweetie sweetie sweetie sweetie(all uncontrollbaly laughs,tears,fits of laughter,Mehadi in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter  oy,Goy laughs a lot  ehadi)..’,’yeah Mrs Ketchum is indeed the sweetest person(all laugh)’,’thus never went to college why(all burst into laughter,Mehadi uncontrollably laughs  oy)’,’yeah only a person like you can say this about own wife of 26 years(all laugh) cause why bother about another if it’s me and never the other(all laugh)’,’yeah the difference between I cherish you so much and you’re cherished by me so much(all burst into laughter,Mehadi in tears laughing)’,’yeah I realize as both acknowledge from different perspective of individuality thus the difference between you and me persist hence both have no difference thus that sentiment isn’t of any use exactly why your word is that Mrs Ketchum is projected by you and the viseversa hence it’s just you alias Zeky Ketchum(all laugh a lot)’,’but why not you too Zeky asks(all laugh)