se sweetie just just tell me you will come back to your Mulu or not..just(cries)..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]frown, ehadi firmly,low voice) : “Mallow if I say no I don’t you will either die or later suicide or become a permanent wreck which is worst the thing is that you want to die cause you can’t have me but the thing is you will want me still as you now only will change the reference frame now you don’t know how good that will be cause you don’t know how you came to this one thus you don’t know what it was and certainly it won’t be me or I’m not who it was so now if you have me and then don’t like me anymore then you can change infinite times your reference but you’re never going to be happy from outside cause what you are actually wanting is you not me thus you don’t get out of this mess unless you give up your infatuation for me and this exactly was our premise in the very first day at Yellowburst that it’s for me or you not for you or me thus my thing is done long you can’t stay single means you have to find a solution like I’m telling you regardless of it’s truth value I certainly can still you saw me yourself on 29th August you were a stranger to me no more and then if you say I can’t take this I’ll die so then again you only give up cause you don’t like this it’s better to die running into the ground cause atleast not for your psychophysical well being are you giving up..so just keep this going to know what is truth..(breaks hug,Mallow uncontrollbaly cries..)..(sigh,patting her)..you’re still strong enough it can be much worse I’m telling you just move it..”
(Mallow few moments later again have to go to washroom,and all and then after changes dresses that Seth had previously kept and all)
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]frown, ehadi and patting her back,Mallow is crying a lot) : “ Mulu,it’s ok,you’ll be alright just takes time to settle these things don’t worry and no atleast having seen you today and learnt your condition I will make sure your family knows everything about it and that gym is sorted out cause your bunch is special I’ve seen them myself for years..it’s ok you don’t have to worry about other things just sort yourself out and no no Elite4 in the world will disturb you again in next X number of months that Daisy wants to it’s ok don’t worry you’ll remain my 1st travel companion for the rest of my life no matter whether alive or dead hence I should do what I can for you if you desperately need it like you do now as would any other of my travel companions cause I know what you all gave me isn’t psychophysically describable but anyway,that’s all for later now we should go back to the open now it’s more stagnating here..ok Mulu,we should return but are you ok..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..] oy,whispering,profuse tears) : “I’m going with you only Seth no matter what you say or feel I’m seeing in front of me when spontaneity comes just how madly you still..(chokes)”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]frown,same pose) : “that word is for that itself can’t be looked into else you will end up in serious mess of cognition don’t bother..Quizzy send Dragu here..Mallow those three either of them would’ve done the same if you wanted it to be so would’ve been a mistake for them but that may be is the case for everyone it doesn’t matter..as I said I told them discretely that and I’m telling you this too I don’t care you know that when you were with me you were just my extension I thought it wasn’t a matter of you but me always..now this isn’t exclusive many outside persons are way better than those inside it I know the Kalos region outside most and I tell you even there regardless of the culture as many great beings as anywhere if not sigularly more..it doesn’t matter Mallow it doesn’t matter you had a 17 year relationship broken off then had 1 more contemplating in it then another destroying yourself with () but the middle 3 you were ok you were doing the right thing Green was first then it was sort of a illusion to you,Rory was the same Jerome was the least hence he was acting wiredly even in the end but I know Rory’s case no you must listen Mallow they will remain your schoolmates that is whom you had known for years and who you’ve known for close quarters I had had many crushes 28 years ago but I erased them off later I remember each still but they now appear in a light that is totally different to everything I see the reality now that Seth Ketchum is so so far from me he has fallen off long ago so it’s like a movie to me now the reality isn’t ever that..your trouble was that I cared too much when we were together as did you I required it way less than you due to luck and outlook but I remember it too then I’ve had so much experience it never made any difference to me you were just unique that I couldn’t define then what made you my girlfriend and not family..similar way now it’s just a matter of realization Mallow that you need don’t judge people from my perspective cause you want to move away from it you won’t if that’s your aim aim for the reality..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]uncontrollbaly crying) : “STOP!you f.. b.. JUST F.. STOP!reality..always that word(uncontrollbaly cries)..YOU ARE THE REALITY FOR ME ALWAYS..(uncontrollbaly cries)..you’ve always been my everything but then just..(sleep powder)..”
(6 minutes later)
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]same pose,frown) : “calm down the reality or illusion isn’t dependent upon your mental state your life and death is don’t waste your vitality no matter..now we will go outside then again will talk only but our conditions end here I’ll not call you by nicknames or other certain words,mind that..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]same pose,profuse tears) : “ it’s ok but just to tell you..(chokes,uncontrollably crying)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]frown,same pose) : “outside,we have time,please be quiet let those medicines settle down...” (1:45 later,back to the spot,Bulbasaur back to his role like all rest,Charizard too) Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]Mallow still crying profusely and sobbing  oy, ehadi and then pats her back,pokemons tender her) : “Mallow,it’s alright..you’ll be ok..as I said I’ll tell them before I leave you today about your condition in detail to your family here and the gym I’ll sort out don’t bother I need another week at Cerulean with the press but let me finish I’ll leave don’t..(Mallow very tenderly kisses Seth’s cheek but he forces her away immediately,frown)..Sableye..(spits aside,Mallow uncontrollably crying,lying down on the bench)..Ferali watergun my cheek a bit..(Mallow sobbing and crying uncontroolably,Seth makes her sit down on the grass,stern)..this is why..Ferali off..this kind of a s.. attitude..(angry,stern voice but low pitch)..THIS IS WHY YOU CAN’T GET A HUSBAND..what is your trouble s.. huh?what? Call me Mulu,call me sweetie..YOU ARE A S.. that’s it..Mulu s.. or sweetie s.. or sweetie Mulu s.. anything the thing is that YOU ARE A S.. that’s all...still trying to get unchaste if you’re already not..what is your trouble huh?..you s.. why can’t you get customers to s.. you whole day...why what’s your trouble..YOUNG FLOWER DREAM..that physical glaze totally evaporated now with () that’s your trouble..because of that you had customers but now there’s none..that’s your trouble..you have had customers beause of the physical beauty which is not present now so since 17 to 37 atmost you’ve had customers now you can’t and you have this drama that I want to get married finally to get a loyal customer whole life.You want to be married fine forget the f.. infatuation get married..simple..but you are a chaste s.. so you won’t.. What sort of a s.. are you huh?..Mallow s.. this is the worst kind of s.. I’ve seen of heard of and you should be called a legendary s.. infact with your obsessive infatuation of being a chaste s.. you are an unchaste w.. since school your s..h.. tricks tempted many people and then later in your career...many many people has d.. all over you BECAUSE of what which isn’t present anymore cause your using () to increase you .. as after 15 years of f.. it has gone down a bit but you’re a s.. but can’t adapt to the new situation so too h.. and in need of s.. atleast for one week..you w.. WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?..didn’t I warn you s.. not to get physical I was just making sure that I don’t get charged for killing a mad s.. like you who can’t understand that who is her customer who isn’t...YOU ARE A W.. that’s why you could do what you did..YOU JUST CHEATED..you cheated on my moment’s trust upon you and you tell me to marry a mad s.. like you..I DON’T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH A W.. like you s.. what’s your trouble huh? What..that gym is a w..h.. that I realized the day you spat at my face and today just right now you spat at my face proving me right that Cerulean CITY GYM IS A B.. and it hosts a class of eminence chaste w.. like you FOR 15 LONG YEARS..how many,huh? How many have c.. in you c..
each day for 15 years all those who asked for a date on which they wanted to s.. you whole day or 99% of them?..WHO MANY g.. HAVE entered your c.. tell me,tell me the f.. list you w.. cause you were trying to induct me into the hall of fame of MEN WHO HAS HAD THE FORTUNE TO f.. CHASTE MS Mallow WATERFLOWER s.. you are a f.. w.. that’s the end of it..and you know what s.. yu know what just moments ago you were saying you’re  e like my husband how many has hugged you while c.. in your c.. to give you the sensation that I can better tham indeed HUH? HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU A.. IN THESE 15 YEARS..Sableye..YOU ARE A S.. your gym should say Mallow s.. is the gym leader beware she wants new customers to s.. her WHOLE day and THAT IS ALL..a s.. like you will scale all heights of s..h.. to get people tempted cause you have not been s.. for long and those blood is the proof that your..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]uncontrollably crying and sobbing,sitting on the grass) : “SHUT UP!..you..no matter what you say I know you cherish me so madly EVEN IF I’M A S.. still still still(uncontrollably sobbing)..you..you won’t leave me I know that..(profuse tears and uncontrollably sobbing)..why do you care so much about me you..hum?...you f.. b.. you say stool and urine and..and for the same,same exact literal stool and urine so much care(uncontrollably crying)..all those atrocious swearing and for exactly what you meant just so much(profusely crying)..I’m hearing one word for so many hours now you f.. b.. WHY HUM WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH FOR A S.. HUH WHY..(uncontrollably cries)..so many times I vomitted every time washed off,your bunch helps me if I feel physical discomfort and it has been ¾ times and water bottles are here in innumerability..all the things..all(cries uncontrollbaly)..everything you’re doing for me(cries profusely)..kept fresh dresses for me,fed me by own hands,messaged my feet when I was almost out cold,made me take salt mixtures all the time cause I’m crying so much and...and then..(uncontrollably sobbing)..you even cleared up all that and did everything so that I feel comfortable..(uncontrollably crying)..just as if I’m your own little daughter..(cries profusely)..and..and when I’m sleeping you’re  e and tending me so that I have better sleep that much too I JUST SAW MYSELF WHEN I WOKE UP..(uncontrollbaly cries and sobbs,moments later)..and this place and your bunch they know everything I’m getting tendered as if..as if..it’s just that I’m 5 year old on my dad’s laps..you..(uncontrollbaly cries and sobbs)..you..you say anything you want but still so much care so much tendering like my own parents(uncontrollably sobbs,few moments later,uncontrollably crying)..you can’t live without me either..you f..b.. you can’t live without me for one moment and want me so madly no matter my chastity which never mattered to you and still doesn’t I’ve realized now you b..(uncontrollably cries)..no matter what you become or me you will only cherish me ALWAY WILL(uncontrollably cries)..but no matter what even if that now you’re so much hurt that you’re killing me like this and will kill yourself too I know that as well..you..(scream,crying)..Seth COME BACK..you..(chokes,almost vomits,uncontrollably cries,pokemons tender her)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]shakes his head,hugs Mallow very firmly,mild voice,pats her back and head) : “Mallow,please! Please calm down Mallow..calm down..don’t try to get physical calm down..let me finish I’ll myself go away,you have 27 years left in your career and you will spend all of those as a CoE member it’s a done deal the officialities just don’t forsake your bunch for a f.. b.. like me atleast..please..calm down..Mallow..calm down..let me finish..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]crying,trying to hug Seth but Seth froces her off and makes her tenderly sit her on the grass again,uncontrollably crying) : “Now where’s your hardman devillish attitude,hum?..just as you see your pokemons can’t control my nerves anymore you yourself are  e so tenderly so tenderly..(uncontrollably crying and sobbing)..your Mallow is your soul and she is your forever travel companion you knew it as well as the back of your hand but only as an intuition,so couldn’t really grasp it..(profusely crying,bit loud voice)..NOW I,Mallow,am questioning you,that YOU COWARD,(crying,sobbing)..why hum..why didn’t you break the door that day and just grab your b.. f.. her..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]scoffs,stern voice but low pitch) : “Mallow!(Mallow uncontrollably crying)..Mallow!,LISTEN! (sternly)don’t humiliate yourself to a b..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]uncontrollaby crying and sobbing) : “SHUT UP! Why,hum?..Seth Ketchum,why do YOU care so much about YOUR Mallow!..(uncontrollaby crying and sobbing)..I’m still still your Mallow..(uncontrollably crying)..and that’s why even after all that you subjected her to go through today,still took the utmost care of her,and you can even interpret to the level when she needs to go to washroom urgently,when she’s feeling dizzy when..(sobbing)..when it’s better if she can sleep a bit and then  er all the time just when your pokemons can’t control my emotions anymore and that..(uncontrollably sobbing)..such gentle hug as ever..you(sobbing uncontrollably,Seth laughs shaking his head)..SHUT UP!..I don’t have to be w.. to understand given all chances what my 15 year long boyfriend did during Sinnoh break itself when you said if I get into a family with you now this place will be remembered as a b.. don’t push me I won’t give in but give up I warn you..(uncontrollbaly cries)..why so much care..hum?(crying loudly)WHY SO MUCH SO MUCH YEARNING FOR YOUR Mallow?..(uncontrollbaly cries)..why is it you’re just so attuned to her even after 5 years of absolutely no contact..WHY YOU F.. B.. WHY YOU REFUSED TO HAVE A FAMILY CAUSE YOU KNEW YOU WERE STILL CHARMED THE FAINTEST PHYSICALLY BY ME THEN YOUR 15 YEAR 15 DAMN YEAR LONG GIRLFRIEND(bursts into tears,Seth tries to stop her)..No..I’ll say..I vividly remember each of those 16 days(cries)..you wanted a family so much but then your heart warned you saying you weren’t ready yet in your mind hence didn’t do anything..AND THAT’S GOT TO DO WITH FAMILY BUT ME..YOUR WIFE WHOM YOU NEVER WANTED PSYCHOPHYSICALLY YET WANTED HER AS YOUR WIFE(profusely cries)..you just won’t even get engaged officially cause that represented your them lack of non-psychophysical thoughts and with your bunch you pulled yourself out of everything with full force(cries)..I know your bunch needed it but that exactly was your problem that you were too concerned about your future cause you never wanted it to come while you were physically attracted by your 15 damn year long wife(profusely cries)..you still cherish me that madly if not more but then I just didn’t get that my husband was in so much mental shadowfight and cherishes me so so much and then with what his bunch was doing subsequently so I just thought because of..(uncontrollbaly cries)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “suddenly as if a new horizon had opened that indifference will now go down to the wrong channels of closure as my Mewtwo warns me against always(laughs)..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]cries) : “SHUT UP!..I know it was getting exactly there hence you had put your full force against it hence you had to give me up cause to you I will ever be present if you were honest and I only thought of the same but my plight I just didn’t want to solve unlike you and then..(profusely cries)..Seth COME BACK TO ME..(completely breaks down)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..] ehadi patting her,dark gang has ceased her) : “Mallow stay calm alright the strain your vocal cords take won’t determine your success or failure in getting your requirements you know best please..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]profusely crying) : “and this much you yearn for your Mallow..you knew extremely well I only knew you and still except for just those few kisses never were anything else..(profusely cries)..and..and I know how much you longed for me each moment then AND STILL DO..(uncontrollably cries)..you know your Mallow as much as she does,you and your Mallow are same..even at physical level you know everything about her which only she can know..(sobbs)..your Mallow is your eternal soulmate forever,always(crying loud)..you,you f.. coward you can even interpret my every physical need just as if..(sobbs uncontrollably)..as if mine was your very own body..(sobbs uncontrollably)..and it’s all cause of how you contemplated on me day and night when your mind came down..(uncontrollblay cries)..and..and that only has helped you to yearn for me this much this much..this..(uncontrollbaly sobbs and profusely cries,pokemons control her,Seth pats her  )..and even..and even after torturing your Mallow to all hells,still every time you touch me..(sobbing uncontrollably)..so..so gentle and..and caring..hum?..why,you f.. coward..you just can’t be without your Mallow..and after all you did to her all insults and all,still you think she’s humiliating herself as she may be is just being emotional and has..Seth come back..(crying uncontrollably)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]stern,forces Mallow to stop by putting his hands on Mallow’s mouth) : “Enough!(lower voice)Just Enough! When you find a husband,Bayleaf,Stop her hands..(Bayleaf obliges)just listen,you HAVE to find A HUSBAND to get out of your self created obsessive mess and have a nice family and children,you should forget me for good if you want to be happy ever and so will I,but it’s far easier for me than you think as I’ve become famous now I can spent every day with a new b.. which isn’t applicable for an UTMOST PERFECT LADY like you and Mallow,I’ve learnt the meaning of the chastity seeing only you..(Mallow tries to speak but Seth forces her to stop)SHUT UP!..Sableye..Daunty,Ferali keep her standing till you know..(Crawdaunt and Feraligator oblidges,puts his hands gently on Mallow’s shoulders looking in her eyes,Mallow profusely cries looking at Seth,stern voice but low pitch) it’s only your friend’s certificate for your future husband..and so someone so pure souled like you,should never even imagine to get mingled with someone like me who intends to self destroy himself JUST because he can and I didn’t try to grab you today or the day I broke in for exactly that reason CAUSE I AM NOT CHASTE MYSELF..I’ve been to undercover I’ve been to every imaginable b.. just that,think carefully before you do anything and make sure your children have a good life as well as your husband, that’s what I’m saying,don’t get yourself unchaste by trying to be physical with random people no matter who they may have been to you once or has helped you today,they are f.. b.. and that’s there final identity.. your family never understood your devotion to me,nor friends ABSOLUTELY NONE!..AND WHAT THEY DID WAS RIGHT CAUSE WHATEVER I SAID WAS BECAUSE I AM NOT CHASTE ANYMORE FOR A LONG TIME NOW!..they are great people,your sisters brother-in-laws and friends..what they didn’t do for me would’ve been done in case of Green,so you must understand that..why they were so interested to eavesdrop us same reason..Seth Ketchum was an immature,foolish,sweet,infatuated boy,whereas you were the Water Empress once only..that’s the TRUTH..don’t mingle with this Seth Ketchum cause this one is an Once Only utter selfiah b..for both yourself and all around you,this Seth Ketchum is not who you think it is and is neither chaste nor a person with proper noble intentions either..why do you think I am talking about blood and urine and all huh? IT IS BECAUSE I AM NOT CHASTE MYSELF..FIND SOMEONE ELSE!GET MARRIED!HAVE A FAMILY!..I’ll let you go but if you try to pull any stunts out of blue or scream or do anything else I’ll tell Bulbasaur to sleep powder you and you will be sent straight to Green’s house,on waking up you will see Green not me,and never me again..and don’t try to faint then too you’ll not see me again..Sableye and all help me to calm her nerves,Bulbasaur Sleep powder,just make her a bit dizzy,Pikachu buddy,none comes anywhere near us absolutely none! Right get to work..(5 minutes later)..right,Now you’re right,I’m letting you go but remember the conditions..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]tears in her eyes) : “You wanted a clarification on our breakup right?” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]Frown) : “yes,and that is we’re done.” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]bursts into tears, oy,this time Seth doesn’t resist Mallow) : “NO! You’re not going anywhere..you..COME BACK,Seth..just come back..I..(chokes)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]breaks the hug but keeps holding Mallow’s hands firmly) : “so you still want the reconciliation after all that I did to you(Mallow trying to hug Seth,tries to kiss him again,But Seth stops her)No! It’s what h.. s.. do and you’ve got nothing to do with them.you don’t need to taste or smell my cough and spit and mouth cavity,and get a hold on yourself,cut this stupidity!(Seth still firms holding Mallow’s hands) Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]screams,crying) : “Seth!(crying,low voice)either you’ll be my Husband or I’ll stay unmarried forever pestering you beyond all deaths..you..(chokes,tears)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]lies her down on the grass,laugh) : “so?how could I help you on this s..?I don’t want that,do I?...(laughs uncontrollably)...” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing) : “Seth,please,none take this torture in human body and mind,please if I die you’ll not have me atleast this term..please,atleast for once hug me and I won’t say anything else..Seth,please..just..just once..(chokes,tears)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “so you’ve given up your infatuation then?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]crying,scream) : “NEVER!Seth..my..(chokes,almost vomits but pokemons cure her)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh,few minutes later) : “are you sure that I’ve f.. only chaste Mallow w.. when I f.. around any random w.. during undercover especially?(bursts into laughter)” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing) : “Seth Ketchum,you’ve never had another girl in your mind in psychophysical form EVER thus as a separate entity even cause you can’t and thus all your outbursts with blood and pus is that none is your Mallow..(uncontrollably sobbing and profuse tears)..you only ever cherished me in abstraction only and thus the minimum psychophysicality all time..and still do so madly and you’re just blind in your yearning for me so much as to you just have ever so viciously tried and still trying to delete everyone else not of your gender from your mind despite not having anything to do with them at all but just the difference that you know yourself only..all this by just to be and at the same time while being devoted to your Mulu..Seth I know how insanely you cherish me and thus you’ve and you’ll only ever f.. around your unchaste Mallow s..,your soulmate,first and forever travelling companion and the only girl you will ever have any kind of feelings for no matter where you are with whom and what you are,you’re doomed to this inevitability.you can’t forget your Mallow and..(sobbing)..today itself you’re a demon and you’re just..you’re completely destroying yourself only to see if your Mallow follows suit or not..you..you’re just breaking yourself up to find your real Mallow as you..you know you yourself are your Mallow..and..I’m only trying to erase you off..I want to erase Seth Ketchum off..and.. there’s No Seth Ketchum at All, it’s only Me..I’m Seth Ketchum myself..you and me..Seth!..(screams)..you and me are soulmates..yes that’s what you want..no matter what I do I couldn’t get away from you cause it’s just me myself..you wanted to show me today just this..hence said you can die but not get out thus it’s better to die out the psychophysicality..only that..YOU’RE MY SOULMATE..you..and I..we’re not different at all..Seth! (scream)..I..”(totally breaks down,almost faints,pokemons again get her up,lying down) Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]burst into laughter) : “LETS FOLLOW THEN(laughs uncontrollably)..what is soul and soulmate..you’re following your idea and suddenly you have some emotional shock and think that that’s soul and that’s soulmate..so you’re following a word or idea that’s not yours or you..and whatever you are you’re trying to describe your understanding of that in a way so you’re following..thus your soul is STATIC and you’re following around as separated from soul which you’ll not reach at all cause you’ll follow it only you can’t reach it cause you won’t know it as once you know you know it,means you’re only following your knowledge that you know it.(grave) THE MOMENT YOU KNOW YOU’RE THE SOUL YOU ARE NOT!..AND THE SOUL DOESN’T HAVE ANY MATES.IT’S ONE and ONE ONLY ALONE ONLY EVER ONE AND THAT’S IT!(burst into laughter)” (sleep powder and all 7 minutes later,Mallow in full cognition) Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing,tears) : “you’ll never come back to me and eternally I’ll have to bear this pain..(crying uncontrollably)..why are you existing then outside of me..you..you want to torture me only throughout life and that’s our relation..so you..and I will ever bear the pain..you will always do this..you..you..(chokes,totally breaks down)..Seth..(uncontrollably crying,Seth hugs her quickly,almost faints,chokes,pokemons controls her,sleep powder)..” (7 Minutes later,Mallow in full cognition again) Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh,few moments later) : “Sableye..cause this is THE DECEIT MASTER,all these psychics have fooled you,I’ve hypnotized you..(laugh)..and finally it is not even you but those f.. doses(bursts into laughter)..all this is hallucination,this sudden thought- that no emotion,no body Seth and Me,Me and Seth..soulmates always f.. around IN GLEE..(bursts into laughter)..mere wordplay..(laugh)..soulmates..more lika a h.. b.. like me f.. a h.. s.. like you..(laugh)..soulmates..(stern)..get UP!..Fight!..find your real soulamte,I’m not what you think I’m..I’m Deceit Master, that’s it..I’ve totally fooled you with my powers...GET UP!..erase your idea of Seth Ketchum off totally..don’t fool youself,go on vacation take rest go back to the gym clear the mess get a soulmate marry settle down have a family and a good life..FINISH!..Sableye,off..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing uncontrollably,few moments later) : “and..and..my answer is whatever you are you are..all of it..this Mallow you know is..also Deceit Master and the real Mallow Waterflower is the real Soulmate of the real Seth Ketchum..I’ll marry only you for eternity again and again..you f.. b.. I’ve projected you out of me and I’ll do anything I want with you no matter what you do to..I’ll follow you all the way around..but(cries)..you’re only creating me cause you just want to torture me and you first cherished me to..to torture me even more and you’ll never be mine in this life again..never call me Mulu again..I’ll never have Seth with me again..Seth won’t come back to me again..my..Seth..(scream)..Seth..COME BACK TO ME..Seth..just..just..(chokes,almost faints,Seth again hugs her very quickly,pokemons control her,sleep powder)” (7 Minutes later) Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh,shakes Mallow up Vigorously) : “stupid b..!what were you fainting at?alright if you want me in this life then I’ll admit 3 things and ask you a question.Agree?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]dizzy,shaking, can’t stand,Seth firmly holding her hands to make her stand,whisper) : “ye..y..yes” (watergun,few minutes later later)..Seth..what..were..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]grave) : “missed it sorry s..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]simmering tears,sobbing,about to burst into tears,tries to scream,pokemons stop her and dark gang stops her) : “No..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh, ehadi very firmly and pressing his palm against her mouth) : “stop her movements only..(shakes Mallow vigorously and quickly hugs her then holding Mallow’s hands very firmly,Mallow shaking and shivering sobbing and profusely crying)..alright Mallow s.. if you want to be f.. around all your life so so much by me then I want to admit 3 things and ask you a question..Daunty,Ferali,Bulby,she stands but can’t make any movements and her hands are bound if I’m not holding them,you’ll know the rest..rest of you don’t do a thing unless I tell you to verbally,cut off and just stay here..so Mallow s..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]few moments later,shaking,can’t stand,Seth honding her hands firmly to make her stand with Feraligator,Crawdaunt and Bulbasaur Supporting,looking at Seth,shivering,tears,sobbing) :
“yes..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “but because you’re a s.. so can I add 2 more questions first(bursts into laughter)?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing,shivering,shaking) : “Seth,please..I..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “you thought I was about to confess how great a chaste c.. did I enjoy of yours s..h.. of chastity (bursts into laughter),what a great s.. you are Mulu s.. and how much I’ll enjoy if I f.. you all day long here?..(laugh).. Mulu s..,Mulu s..,Mulu s.. this is why you’re such a sweet sweet s.. all lie this s.. down..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]breaks down completely,lying on the grass,uncontrollably crying) : “what more?(scream,while pokemons lie her down)..WHAT(sobbs uncontrollably,Seth bursts into laughter uncontrollably)..but..um..no.
Wait..(Seth about to go away on Charizard,scream)..Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]cries)..please..No..(Seth returns and frowns,Mallow uncontrollably crying).. don’t go away,please,Seth,I beg of you,don’t go..(sobbs)..whatever you do,I’ll..(trying to get up)..I’ll..Bulby help me please(Bulbasaur helps her up,Feraligator and Crawdaunt keeps her standing but doesn’t let her move,Bulbasaur keep her hands bound)..whatever you do I’ll still come back infinitely many times..Seth,you..you’re not going anywhere..you can’t..you can’t go away from your own soul Seth..NO YOU CAN’T GO AWAY FROM YOURSELF..you..(sobbs uncontrollably,chokes,totally break down,Seth returns laughing)”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh,holding Mallow firmly) : “can I call you unchaste h.. s.. f.. with Victor or Tracey?(bursts into laughter)..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]tears,sobbing,loud voice) : “all you want you cheating b.. I’m not..not going anywhere away from you..EVER..you b..”(cries)
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “so lets see how much your chastity can take,can I s.. you around whole day today chaste Mallow w.. you look so so s..(bursts into laughter)”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing) : “you have done infinitely more than..than that..and..and..I’ve only bedded you all time..you.(chokes)..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laughes) : “so you’re not chaste then?”(bursts into laughter) Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]shivering voice,sobbing) : “you’re my chastity Seth..just that..you’re..you..(chokes)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “and the rest,the mind,gallantry,generosity,soul..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]sobbing) : “all you.only you.just you.I’m you as always I have been,I am or I will be..Seth Ketchum you’re nothing but Mallow Waterflower and Mallow Waterflower is nothing but Seth Ketchum” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]low voice,finally smiles and holds Mallow’s Hands firmly,Bulbasaur is relieved but stays,Mallow sobbing but finally beams shivering in profuse tears,Feraligator and Crawdaunt keeps supporting her to stand but keep her from moving) : “First Admissions: 1.if I say you’re my soul I wont do justice to me.
2.if I say you’re my self I won’t do justice to you.
But finally,and this (laugh) no Vulture,be it Cerulean or of any other goddamn breed(burst into laughter),can ever disprove,decline,do anything about or stop it from being or happening whichever may be more enticing to them on any given godforsaken moment,is the Reality that 3.If I say, Seth Ketchum and Mallow Waterflower is in essence the one and the same existence,consciousness and reality but unfortunately appearing to each other as two different bodies,thus having to interact through a godforsaken world which is ultimately meaningless-I think I’ll be closer to describing you(Mallow smiles,profuse tears,sobbing)..What the hell are you laughing at s.. after having to go through the whole world and losing every bit of your chastity you stupid w..?(laughs uncontrollably)” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smiles,tears,Looking at Seth,holding his hands,still sobbing, shivering) : “the question?”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]bursts into laughter) : “what the hell is it Mallow s.. huh?!?still h.. to be f.. around and won’t understand that these all wordplays are exact Deceit Mastery,hum?(bursts into laughter)”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile,sobbing,shivering voice) : “I’m deceiving you too,you stupid idiot buffoon jerk sweet sweet so cute..(broader smile,still sobbs)..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile,holding Mallow’s hands firmly) : “now that the goddamn world and this appearing difference,which actually has never been,is never being,or will never be there eventually submerging into the glaring fact that Seth Ketchum and Mallow Waterflower were,is and will always be ONE which simply means that there never was,is or will be anything called Seth Ketchum or Mallow Waterflower but ONLY ONE REALITY that is constant.But if it is to be interpreted and grasped through this nonsense world the ONE have to appear as Seth Ketchum and Mallow Waterflower,that is Seth Ketchum is Mallow Waterflower and Mallow Waterflower is Seth Ketchum(Mallow beams still tears) but they due to goddamn bodies and world and sense faculties can’t get this body and mind off thus appearing as two different entities and they happen to be in a situation where their relationship and happy passage through this terrible mess is best described as a term called(broad smile looking into Mallow’s eyes) MARRIAGE (Mallow looking into Seth’s eyes tears of joy,still sobbing,broad smile,shivering) mentally still is(bursts into laughter,Mallow beams with profuse tears of joy),so I,who is here appearing as Seth Ketchum is asking You,who is here appearing as Mallow Waterflower,that will you liked to be called Mallow Waterflower Ketchum(Mallow beams and nods and still sobs a bit) or in short I,Seth tell you,Mallow that if you want to be my wife,then you can hug me all the time(smiles and looks into Mallow’s eyes)”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]shudder,beaming,looking at Seth’s eyes,profuse tears,shivering voice) : “with pleasure.”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile,still firmly holding Mallow’s hands,looking into Mallow’s eyes) : “and the viseversa?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile,looking into Seth’s eyes,still shivering voice) : “be my guest.” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]bursts into laughter) : “so I’m going to marry an unchaste h.. b.. totally f.. up by every means l.. all her j.. with a c.. being c.. I.. by the whole world where s.. had to be d.. out and the b.. were s.. s.. m.. that may be t.. aren’t of a.. u.. and with all these you’re insane as well or about to become so(bursts into laughter) still you want me to appreciate the beauty of your urine and stool more how you’ve n.. all due to the difficulties of e.. and all else just a mass of utmost pollution getting swelled up day by day for all these 40 years only to be cast off by the idea of death in the end and this is AH!beauty beauty(burst into laughter,Mallow smiles broadly still tears of joy and sobbing a bit) surely such grand is this beauty ain’t it so but do you want me to ascribe every imaginary good things too with all these to try to negate the stench of the body and yeah then the mind where these actually exist even more after all these hours of successfully futile effort?(burst into laughter)” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]broad smile,still tears of joy) : “as you’ve been doing for eternity you..(very broad smile,chokes,tears of joy)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “can I leave you now Mallow?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile,tears) : “all you want Mallow.” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “did ever any girl including Mallow Waterflower nicknamed Mulu became Mallow to me?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile,tears) : “there’s no Mallow at all except you Mallow” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “have I ever had any doubt that Seth Ketchum was not whom Mallow wanted?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile,tears of joy) : “you’re both so no you ever had me inside you and me the same,the outside is just like..like..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “Illusion(Mallow broadly smiles,profuse tears of joy)but then who are you?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]broad smile,profuse tears of joy) : “Seth,just Seth.” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “can I be chaste unless I all the time try to mitigate the idea of difference within?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]broad smile,profuse tears of joy) : “no cause I’ll be pulling myself towards two opposing ends otherwise” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “if I have no idea of difference to the absolute I’ll be able to be single despite your presence here as will be Mallow but if not then?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]broad smile,profuse tears of joy) : “Seth and Mallow will forever no matter what come together” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “would it ever be that whatever I want Mallow will do the opposite?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beams,profuse tears of joy,shivering) : “neither..neither can I..thus..all this is..(chokes in joy,profuse tears,beaming)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “a play between us(laughs a lot,Mallow beams with profuse tears,shivering)..we might have been most contrasting in virtues and deeds or similar in both cases but does the world or our being matter at all if we’re ever in soul and all rest are so thus the whole world if I want will become me cause in soul there’s no difference thus all are most endearing culminating in the happiness of being myself cause all are me thus no need for any difference but even if I’m not recognizing myself as what I am in reality THE ONE ONLY and thus this IS a difference all are equally endearing as I can’t forget ever who I really am thus I’ll try to bring all differences together to create the unified figure who will be me and yet different form of me from the basic instincts to highest attainments I’ll be the same as that figure cause the whole world can be forgotten if I’m with that figure only or else the whole world is that figure to me thus whatever I mighte’ve done or did and so on and when I’ll recognize myself as that ONLY ONE inbetween the moment I’m different no matter where and how is there with me that figure which is the whole difference and still me which is my..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beams,shivering,profuse tears of joy) : “Seth,just Seth,all Seth..Seth is everything ever no matter who and what I’m Seth won’t leave me and just as I want I can have Seth even if I don’t still I’ve Seth and even if no difference still there is Seth Seth is me Seth..my..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]Mallow beams in profuse tears of joy,shuddering and shaking)..I don’t have my Mallow only if I’m that one cause then that word is me myself so my Mallow is just me myself appearing as different if I’m thinking so and thus my Mallow is the whole world(Mallow beams in tears,shivering) the moment I’m different is my Mallow as me the difference accompanying me till I’m again one when my Mallow is that very oneness again I’m never not my Mallow and me myself but here I’m appearing as this and my whole heart and soul is for only one and no matter what happened that is the one so there’s nothing that can be most endearing to including my bunch that isn’t the closest with whom I’m me that is my Mallow only(Mallow shuddering,beams in profuse tears of joy) which in broadest sense if a difference dearing or loathing to me ultimately is my Mallow that is beyond the different ideas so nothing and thus the joy of me the soul is what my Mallow feels whenever she wants anything imaginable and even herself which to her is me and in the same way when I want me is that it’s just my wife Mallow and thus whenever my Mallow WANTS I’m Mallow’s..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beaming,tears of joy,shivering) : “my husband Seth..the very idea of husband,chastity want everything is just Seth..everything dear to me is Seth so is me thus I don’t need anything but Seth..Seth is my all..just Seth..just..just Seth..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “if I never existed wouldn’t I still be your husband or anything Mallow am I not the all culminating longing of yours thus Mallow isn’t it so true that you’ve only ever known me as long as you’ve known yourself as different from the One the oneness of which is me now as difference to you only just for you and that’s that?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beams,profuse tears of joy,shrill,shivering) : “I’VE ALWAYS..ALWAYS BEEN WITH Seth EVEN IN THOSE DAYS..EVEN MY mistAKES IF EVEN I THOUGHT..STILL WAS Seth ONLY..Seth Seth you’re..(scream,joy,profuse tears,shivering)..Seth..(chokes in joy profuse tears)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “you’re doomed to this inevitability(laugh,Mallow beaming profusely in tears,shivering and shaking in joy)..(smiling at Mallow, Mallow beaming profusely in tears,shivering and shaking in joy)...there’s no mistake all illusion till the truth known digested and is lived in present the past doesn’t exist as was an illusion(smiling at Mallow,Mallow beaming profusely in tears,shivering in joy),the joy the sorrow whatever you’ve ever had throughout this and across how many goddamn lives and I as well every bit of it the difference to me is my Mallow and to you is your Seth so the inevitibility is if you know that you have a mind that’s it your Seth will appear there absolutely cause all the difference is only the longing for the oneness but if so then has ever an object been most satisfying cause the longing is not for the object but it’s presence that is just the presence but if the object isn’t there at all then still the abstract presence would be there cause all objects place to place reminds the one singular presence that is me and that is my Mallow so she is everywhere( smiling at Mallow, Mallow beaming profusely in tears,shivering in joy) so here in this life and gross way even if my Mallow is single any joy or sorrow any kind still me only me ever me even when one..you might’ve been unchaste or whatever you might’ve been Mallow as might’ve been me who is unchaste no matter what I or you did or didn’t every moment we were togethger and will be no matter what..my Mallow is just me me just me and thus why can’t we stay single in this particular life Seth ?” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]broad smile,tears) : “cause we’re outside of each other now and..and now want each other as husband and wife..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]broad smile) : “and the psychophysicality..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beaming,profuse tears of joy) : “a fleeting moment only..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laughs and then smiles,still holding onto Mallow’s hands very firmly,looking into Mallow’s eyes,Mallow looking into Seth’s eyes with tears and a huge smile,still shivering) : “they’re just holding you up as well Mulu flower would you ever say that I’m existent without them PSYCHOPHYSICALLY hum(laughs a lot,Mallow finally smiles)..no don’t try to tender them they’re only waiting for this moment for JUST THIS ENDING YOUTH(uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter,Mallow too bursts into laughter finally with tears still)..anyway you brats thanks for ruining my moments once more MENTALLY THAT IS(laughs a lot,Mallow laughs and tries to wipe off her tears)..(laughs..)..NO YOU STUPID B.. let me do it(laughs a lot and wips Mallow's tears himself,Mallow smiles  im)..by the way Viol flower broke up from DaisyDevil saying you go no longer what sort of b.. do that(both un..)..my words will be  r..s.. h.. b.. chaste w.. and then yeah all those that I said to my wife eternal anyway even there as i said my flower is only MY FLOWER(laughs at Mallow,Mallow smiles at him )..in gross sweetie I don’t give a f.. about your chastity cause that’s only in my hands..and with this behaviours you roam around in public,i'm WAY better than you at signifying positional complexity than ramifying notational conductivity(laughs a lot,Mallow laughs finally)..and the reason is that or this Mallow my all bad and all good all you and cause you’re only and all just me thus only my(smiles at Mallow,Mallow smiles)..thus to us if we don’t this process of psychophysicality will only be done through what we see when we no more see that we’ll remain detached to any thirst of birth and death thus it’ll be nothing more than just me and MY WORLD Mallow you’re nothing to that cause you can’t exist separately(smiles,Mallow too smiles)..this body I’m holding now just all that so am I barely do I care if you’re alive or me or both I don’t care anything but JUST ME and hence I know that’s you just you my Mallow you’re eternally just my sweetie(smiles at Mallow,Mallow broadly smiles at him)..yeah now the burden has been let off just till I give you the ring but anyway even that you can go anywhere you want now as can I this life or any life do anything life death just doesn’t matter this body this existence or as an ant or a tree won’t matter if so happens Mallow neither would it if an inanimate object I don’t care anymore at all about you Mulu or Mallow whatever you may want to hear cause(smile looking into Mallow’s eyes,Mallow also looks into Seth’s eyes and broadly smiles)..all everything that is describable the most beautiful or the opposite is NEVER my Mallow in a million years and eternity(laughs at Mallow,Mallow too laughs)..cause you s.. I’ve stolen my Mallow from you Mallow w.. extracting her out of you b.. as you said yourself r..s.. that my current girlfriend my soul Mulu flower told me to destroy the previous psychophysically illusive Mulu who is a h.. s..
cause you b.. your are nothing to beauty but only appears so cause of my sweet Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]laughs at Mallow,Mallow too laughs at him)..(smile)..as I’m nothing that is describable either as this hence I’m just soul in reality and as my Mallow is just my soul so my Mallow is actually only just ME..(both smile)..only my physical body has left Seth nothing else..(laughs)..same for me honey why bother let it REST IN PEACE(laughs,Mallow smiles).." Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..] oy very firmly,smile) : “Seth..we just can’t be broken..(laughing..lot)..correction relationship change the form change the form/say as again like you in me we’ve been WOKEN else time's daily Hologram(both un..)..that b.. even yesterday told me why are you there,none of your trouble ever is it,rhyming with list indeed a dynamic hologram..shh..the most regaling(both un..)..so i don't know it must be our obsession indeed like your Gyre Cauldron said each day(both un..)..like,
Oh Gyre Gyre victory/oh Gyre did just hear a WRITTEN hence familiarity of language in a story(both un..).."
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laughing..) : "surely Mr Otto is telling him still that he's unhappy still due to the process(both burst..)..he once asked me before abstraction why the hell are you two continuing this drama huh(both laugh..lot),i said just cause it's the procedure oh any Hariyama how do you know you only had a bro there no own relatives and parents to confer with on your epistemological origins(both burst..)..like,
only so two of a kind/thus none of us would’ve guessed that you and I/someday somehow will have to verbally say/marry me you sweet cute idiot so come by(laugh,Mallow too laughs)..
what makes me Mallow all in all/in my soul and my all/that I’m Seth forever again and/again(Seth and Mallow smiles broadly at each other ach other firmly) (few more moments later)
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..] ehadi,smile) : “not the body”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..] oy,smile) : “neither the mind” 
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]same pose) : “not even the soul” 
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]same pose) : “just can’t be defined” 
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]same) : “if projected by me”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]same) : “then it’s me as thee”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]same) : “thus ever one forever”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]same) : “no nothing else never”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]same) : “in relation now you’re my wife dear”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]same,profuse tears of joy) : “you’re my husband ever the most near”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..] ehadi very firmly,smile,looking into her eyes) : “so that’s one is seeming as two.”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..] oy very firmly,smile,tears,looking into his eyes,little sob) : “that is how I am seeing me as you”.(smile and sob) Thank you Seth.”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smiles,same pose) : “today and forever just my Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]both smile ach other very firmly,few moments later)..whereever and whenever I see a person of not my gender detecting this very fact itself suddenly failing in my discernment sends me back to Mulu only and Mulu!Mulu!your so sweetie!(Mallow smiles)..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]laugh,same pose,looking at Mallow) : “so you should date me now(both un..) as Mr Tracey Skechit at Pasio itself said,um..yeah Ms Waterflower i mean Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]both laugh..lot)..you may keep my bag no i have another for my personal belongings else there is no way to observe no matter attaching proof that my skills are being misused by possible lack of detachment isn't it(both un..)..so then i told this to Blossie who was so surprised said ofcourse that's because he observed that your physical form doesn't match his hence he discerned that may be you're attached to this possession of difference hence corroborated that he too can observe it not only away from himself though as he said no way to observe means the second time is for proof not an observation what else do you expect from a deductive researcher of induction(both un..)"
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laughing,same pose,looking at Mallow) : "and after our match i heard that,how can you disrespect her,mates i know her for 40 years and 7 months now ok long long before you were born(both un..),so what you weren't in a relationship this is INHUMAN(both un..),i said just check out the jackal of humanity(both un..),besides i like to link Mr Skechit up everywhere what else can you do like..look at that bush do you know what it means/that the logic of what now no more seems(both un..long time)..man Dr jackal is impossible to bypass..why are you here,but you are the ones who chose this place i only saw that(both un..long)..no that brat ruined our moments across south pacified ocean but it wasn't still like..just as you close your eyes listen i'm coming over to you(both un..long,..Dashing Rock,both un..)..it's impossible that Dr jackal and DaisyDevil and then Dashing Rock and Viol flower will manage to stay separated from us(both laugh..lot)..years go by/on-the-fly(both un..long time)..they ofcourse as Dr and Mrs Oak now in the latest version by default twice that's how they mention them now(both burst..)..and about the Unovan attainment i can with these still say you're nothing to beauty(both burst..)..like,first of all YOU ARE NEVER THAT Mallow NOR THAT Mallow . IN . SWEETIE Mallow ILLUSION,CAUSE MY . YOU ARE JUST MY SWEETIE(both burst..)..well you brats look-only-at says surely this is your eternal SOMBRE STAT(both burst..)..no get off you brats not now later all will feast upon this so so sweet Mulu brat(laugh,Mallow smiles  oy very firmly)..this is acquired i once asked Niji did you ever had in law relations,situations but why would you ask hombre(both un..long time) and her previous version said with very much surprize that,the ethical Phantoms why would you try to put them in lexicon hombre why(both un..long time)..then i sweared Dr jackal for like an hour and he doesn't say anything but after i finish says(laughing..),yeah i can see your proofs Seth but um..you should do something about it too shouldn't you(both un..long)..so i knew this brat is extremely subtle to mingle with hence contractually kicked him off(both burst..)..no really i like to say these things to like Tracey!Tracey!..so maddening this tune,nothing..nothing is here ok this is an excuse,um..but i didn't tell you anything(both un..long,..Dr jackal,both un..long)..man this jackal isn't returning anytime soon either(both laugh..lot)..and yeah Cuo has said the same things to Poppy about Tracey Skechit omitting you just what i did..just as you look around..look in-between your 2 sits situated is no more you(both un..long)..man this we never talked smack seriously this is outrageous stuff like Cuo called Dase unchaste then held her up for like 10 minutes told me Goodness don't haste Seth we can't walk out of here else before each script is documented again(both burst..)..but i always liked namecalling Lil like what else to do with someone with a sobriquet as Lil flower(both laugh..lot) but i was cautious not to call her unchaste like Dase cause her interpretation of it is by default profession as personally none can be as that is to be done is sentience(both un..long,..Lillie flower)..so when Lillie flower jumped you you said like i wish he was like you this to Lil flower is translated as personal certification like he is me or not in discrete your way of using the word like if you said i wish he had your anything it would've been fine cause that's professionalism of personality hence she didn't LIKE that you didn't understand it in too much infatuation not at all what you might've said(both un..long,..LILLIE FLOWER)..man Lillie flower isn't found easily at all in spatitemporality no matter the rest of you(both laugh..lot)..and Doctor Slate was with a b.. in the name of ethics to someone he knew this was the subsequent version(both laugh..lot)..anyway,now the meaningless rest,already most of your doses are totally erased off and all cause they only create the illusion but that illusion was reality your Seth is you so those stuffs are off..just you and me that’s the medicine..for both of us..you don’t know anything about relationships or like that you only ever know your Seth me the same but you said like no this is this i said this is eloquence(both burst..) by the way you don't know any namecalles either only one hum too sweetie(both burst..)..so since day 0 can’t think that how can Seth say that I’m not his Mulu and so finally somehow deluded yourself cause an illusion forced you to and all the troubles..MY . WAS EVER WITH ME..not one more word(smiles at Mallow,Mallow smiles at him then both hug each other very firmly smiling)..had a doubt if I’ve deluded myself thinking I’m honest no matter what so a random s.. and Mallow Waterflower may become same..5 years took to know the reality through undercover where many terrible situations arose but each time scoffed off saying pokemons don’t read flesh and blood and I’m human so I don’t want to read a damn thing either that or anything else like soul and that was that then,cause I read only my soul which is Seth and thus my sweet Mulu flower(smiles at Mallow,who smiles at Seth,both ach other very firmly) then finally a sweet picture of my sweet Mulu flower(laughs at Mallow,Mallow smirks at Seth)..yeah why would i not look at you hum(both burst..)..as Mulu is indeed my soulmate..i just was never never happy without Mulu but didn’t know who she really was cause of my own illusion that she was anything ordinary no matter the past..but then all this..Mulu is just me..my sweetie..my wife for eternity..straight came back,just had to share all these..sweetie you needed 5 years in 6.5 hours nothing else..you vomited many times and then so much blood and all..all due to that effect,all my 24 year long mistake washed away that I had injected unknowingly in my sweet Mulu flower who doesn’t know anything except me ever and thus was yearning for me so much every moment and ever does the same..but all these and whatever is totally useless now so throwing away all..cause you should’ve come in ponytail(laughs at Mallow,Mallow smiles at Seth)..no dear I tell you for all your psychophysicality only that never left me infact I still look at your hair all time even in gym the eyes were important then now all the same but the hair and specifically the ponytail was left not the proper one either that absurd one(laughs a lot,Mallow smirks at him)..I will marry you infront of everyone each second and that won’t have one bit of trouble in either me or you cause there’s not an iota of body and mind inbetween us and thus this world with it’s chastity and vulgarity and all can never touch us anyway can't as i'm next to YOU(both un..long time)..Ms Violet are you going to settle down,you mean the emotional mettle i guess(both un..)..anyway(both laugh..lot) and I will do it no matter to what low or high you’ve gone what happened to your body if it’s worn out or totally brunt or today how much blood vomit just give me every bit of stool and urine and blood and pus imaginable you’re Mulu just that I don’t care about your body one bit and neither your mind or emotions deaf dumb blind totally paralyzed anything or just that you’re totally lunatic beyond any hope of any comeback ever till death you won’t ever recognize me feel the pain inside being lunatic when I’m beside you for 5000 years just give me everything cause I don’t care I know where Mulu is she’s right inside me that’s all and that very body or mind whatever if represented her for one moment will be Mulu’s body or mind currently so I’ll look after that as my own flesh and blood like my own little daughter till it worns out naturally still Mulu won’t leave me cause I can’t leave me and that’s cause MY . IS MY SWEET WIFE just that here as MRS Mallow Waterflower Ketchum..(both smile)..me and Mulu,soully unified once more as part of THE perpetual inevitibility..(both hug each other very firmly smiling)..” (they keep ach other very firmly for some minutes,both broadly smiling)..besides namecall indeed you’re my b.. hence there or anywhere I can and will do anything with you cause we’re not at all different(laughs,Mallow smiles)..by the way i liked stealing your things always like the bike or hairpins they are really so adorable(both laugh..lot)..yeah where's my book,why are you searching only one bag(both burst..)..so anyway it’s mine actually those diaries and black dresses and the room too AND MY CONTEMPLATION ON YOU TOO hum(smiles at Mallow,Mallow smiles and hugs Seth more firmly)..and about me inviting people to travel with me well Malcolm or Milton nor Julio or Julberto came for those reasons(laughs,Mallow smiles)..just my little bros found them being above the cover as I was under it at Sinnoh(laughs,Mallow smiles)..neither did Mr Andrum either ever said Rosey and Tutu just the wrong channels Mulu never anything else(both smile)..said,no i had a crush since childhood just like you man(both un..),i said,so did she on me(both laugh..lot),um..no it was like she LOOKED nice,so did i think,um..no it was like she was um..if compared looked nice(both un..),i said but i've never seen the past and future even if present,um..no in the abstract scales she looked nice you know like how i was trained like what other ways to say you can't say one particular thing cause it's random sampling you know good rhymes there too always one out of many man isn't it(both un..),i said ofcourse but then again we'll return to the same cases as i just said,um..no her appearance was nice,i said but that's a cycle,um..yeah that's why i asked her for a date else how can i know Mr Ketchum if it was at all her how(both un..long),i said the logical sough(both un..),yeah but uncle said focus on the intrigue more you said rather the focus so in the middle she said she knew better methods of assumptions hence i thought ok that must be more um..ensuing(both un..)..so that was settled(both laugh..lot),then i said you know Rory Kencil i guess,yeah whole world do(both laugh..lot) that he said i only said i could look after aunty if you go out but DaisyDevil viciously jumped on the word IF not out rather than in case and out of station why man what's wrong with these people Dr jackal launched a case for my release before my parents you know they should've learnt something from him as an inspiration(both un..long)..i'm the jackal of properties(both un..)..then said this confinement serves good food good education and does help to do good work why(both burst..) i said first because you're only a pure dissent oriented prisoner as the definition now has to feel before saying(both un..) and secondly because that's sustenance of my(both laugh..lot),AH!yes man yes!that's why your headless beau went to the bushes with dark types especially of assuming hi not consuming thy(both un..)..and it was a Rock type and she's in CoE with water/ice rhymes in advantage,creatures(both un..)..so i said yeah first nomination is still up for grabs and only 3 years proper work still left of that blooming youth to settle emotions anyway after that still 7 left for 2nd nomination(both laugh..lot) he says ofcourse here i've not had my bunch but trained far better in a way looking at the things these translators are doing and reading about your Unova days now in details which came out a journey too late man to uncover nothing else like(both laugh),so i said yeah it was needed and ofcourse Wolfy's prophecy came true on horrendous wild dark menaces had to be rock too how else can you discombobulate Doctor Slate with insinuation than fermentation of feelings(both burst..),so said yeah i'm much familiar to Dr Oak it's going to be SO NICE(both laugh..lot)..then says but i think i should return to general training rather you know gym leading is dangerous i faced so much randomness too(both laugh..lot),i said well you can start from Frucifern itself there's no ways of revenge as you see if you remain in this profession and if outside that word is just the meaning now of epistemology(both burst..) for may be 20 years atleast last since the jackal through bushes has been sent exactly there(both laugh..lot)..said no he vented his frustration by tone you know that's far more physically demanding why would he do it Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]both burst..),i said you have to see how his beau roams around in ethics(both laugh..lot),anyway so then wants to do general training now and there are too many places but he chose Sulmanter City,Sinnoh no more needed Rilla Boom Boom(both laugh..lot)..and yeah he knew one of the guards there for long hence it is going to be the same case as Rory Kencil and Sera Tondil Jimmy lad told him this ages ago didn't listen what can i do about my he said(both burst..)..anyway so that is all settled but i dragged Mr Skechit in this as you may know but the flowers always sat on people's heads this jackal listened to Cuo minutely then said um..but why aren't you doing anything too Seth didn't either before he said these(both un..long time,..Dr jackal,both un..),anyhow(both burst..)..don't you two pose now for image..as that's just a moment of YOU(both un..long)..man what sort of brats we traveled with(both laugh..lot)..but still it wasn't Mafsopilefunteramfol at Frucifern(both un..)..but still Mulu most surely even if all the theories are wrong and there’s nothing as reality no matter what of all people most most certainly Doctor Brock Slate of all people across all reality didn’t come to me cause i did or didn't invite him(both un..long)..JUST AS YOU FELT THAT NOW,LOOK THERE GOES YOU(both un..long time)..like um..excuse us,the feeling compeer of being somehow(both un..long)..then we both accused Doctor Crook of lack of chastity he said yeah but lack happens only after that feeling against it so he didn't get it(both un..long,..Dashing Crook,both un..)..all are my family Mulu some might be the biggest crooks still in the end once the body falls whose who Mulu exactly as Crossie said whose whose beau just that as Bulby says what exactly is what(both laugh)..till psychophysicality remains all is different once the idea goes what exactly is what(both laugh)..you remain for me dear I really don’t know don’t want to what exactly is what cause that is an hindrance all I know is you’re me but me too in viseversa yet the difference remains for both hence just what we are BEST FRIENDS(both laugh)..I wanted you to see that you’re my most dear one cause I want it to be so just like you Mulu who is just like Gyarados and that means nothing but like why are you helping her in a match cause she's not listening to me(both burst..)..it's just that we LIKE each other(both burst..)..Lillie flower said you namecall,why didn't you curse her hum if you broke up(both un..)..if both to be done and was done professionally(both un..long,..Lillie flower,both un..)..man when Gary tried that trick still a teenager if that meant anything ever to all of us(both burst..)..Lillie flower said um..no he's not talking with me but if he didn't like me then he would've pointed out other directions but he only said all that i liked and i told him before which he liked it must be prospecting intuition so i'm not bothered i can only be bothered like if he um..doesn't LIKE me like yeah like that(both un..,..Lillie flower)..so this is how all of you are Lillie flower most nimble like Lillie flower(both laugh..lot)..and yeah hence we liked to insinuate things to her so much like why not what else to do(both burst..) and today we sweared her and DaisyDevil obviously Viol flower was escorted out to save this day(both burst..),they became very angry but strangely didn't bother about the fact that they could call the venue ages ago it was like a drama afterall cause with the WaterFires anything else is implausible like Lillie flower(both laugh..lot),anyway enough of this Mulu namecall far more to come(laughs picking Mallow up,Mallow smiles  oy)..(putting her down)..but Mulu,this is very serious,you had so many brats controlling you but thank me that I didn’t have to use my last resort Crawdaunt who was too desperate to jump in to make you insane and Rayquaza too he wanted to make you seriously dragon thus insane..RAY!..into or from or or to..QUA QUA..QUA QUA QUA..QUA QUA QUALIA(both un..long time)/bro please,they're not letting me to rest in-between defenses..thus say Qua join aqua..leave Qua only A to Ah to A(both un..long)/Tyrani..Tar read now how to drill ego through intelligentsia/no they are not patient enough..thus patience essence boo trap (but of too) Qualia(un..long,Mallow..same)/i'm involved in prisoner's welfare..look-only-at Tyranitars saying just do that that you're imputing self with inertia(un..long,Mallow bursts..)/yeah but this and this plane..no not that always take rest..you too beautiful then(both un..long)..look-only-at do Tyranitar that now you're looking to script being driven by being full of that thus beauty cautions you stick to the end of causal CINEMA(both un..long)/cause you have brought ticket to volunteer still ironically,why asking thus not morality to preempt you but inert qualia(both un..long)/thus be honest so many deprived caster hat notes drill through awareness Phantom of not the meaning of Qualia(both un..long)..
..Seth am i not like her hum..
Hey!
Oh Ketchum Ketchum Play!(both un..long)
Oh rules the Phantom of desire now you say!(both un..long)
that when in duality relationship why says no be more dual really so now you may(both un..long)
hey sadistic nature play..
decision : Phantom of commitment now you say(both un..long)
that if happy from sad or the reverse why know them as so say(both un..long)..
thus it's now My time to shine..i'm gonna get what's mine..disambiguate-THIS TIME!(both un..long)..
anyway(both burst..)..there's some reason why Weyo and Hemu cautioned me and Cuo all those years ago you know just as we were beginning..don't encourage them to look at caution they take that as themselves(both un..)..but if they look at the rock of self they will not have a problem cause that's notion only caution is when you're telling them to point to the darkened being of it the legend of suspicion(both un..)..once you ask them to find self from caution thus they're going to systematically destroy your self first to check if your being is a threat to them still or not(both un..long)..thus they to do that will drag you through whole of your own qualia to counter their qualia's intertia to check if that's a threat to them(both un..long)..Weyo,Hemu,Hui and Wiji's Tyranitars brushed me aside if i told our brats that so you've juxtaposed death then despite claiming you can do something being apart(both un..),they said this is rotational phenomena of linguistic divergence the most cyclic though symbolic rhyming with Mr Skechit isn't it(both un..long saying DR JACKAL,both un..long)..then once Iris kicked me out of the camp saying her brats wants us to engage in conference else they can't deternime what is hindreing their notions of winning(both un..),so i go out and our brats grasp me,you know look-only-at when you want to cover your heading notion of self your body of knowledge on being leaves you vulnerable to the hook of introduction isn't it(both un..long)..



only as these two brats didn’t have to be used on top only atleast could I finish my monologue and drama so thank you sweetie for not getting into the Clutches of Crawdaunt again(both burst..)..besides that was prepared by Kumlie who once said serious trash talk is something that i never heard get on with it man it's BEAUTIFUL(both un..long),but anyway Mulu,you must today itself right now come with me and we’ll go to a doctor at nowhere why do you want to know hum(both giggle at each other)..you need checkup..come on..(arranges)”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile) : “Seth,I’m alright..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..] ehadi very firmly and Mallow also hugs Seth very firmly,picking Mallow up again,laugh) :
“attitude?(burst into laughter,Mallow smiles tendering Seth)..(smile)exactly why I’m abducting my sweet Mulu flower(Mallow smiles and hugs Seth,few moments later)..(zaps Mallow to the cabin she needs refreshments and goes to washroom and else,20 minutes later)..(laugh)..take your time sweetie you’ve eternity(laughs,Mallow smiles)..you’re so so light now honey must be some 30 kgs less than my current,it hardly requires any effort to pick you up or fondle you to death too sweetie(laughs,Mallow smiles)..quite a few sets of dresses were kept there Mulu,this is the rather expensive one(laugh) and the rest of arrangements everything including these blood capsules even(laughs)..asked the brats at lab if I call and you don’t come you won’t sleep any further night ALONE(laughs,Mallow too laughs)..and the protection against all the buffoons and then emergencies except Cerulean you would be anywhere in a matter of moment my own room has two doctors and two helpers from lab now only will tell them not needed(laugh)..surely I won’t expend this much unless ulterior hum(laugh,Mallow smiles and both hug each other very firmly)..(smile,mild voice)..Mulu all those words I said each time you slept just kept   you got caught once(laugh,Mallow smiles) I’m never full without you either sweetie you’re as much my whole life in abstraction where I want you cause there’s it’s all(looking at Mallow smiling) just you and I hence nothing to be me or my(both hug each other very firmly smiling at each other)..no Mulu you need the best possible check-up cause now your mind is cleared the physique will start taking the toll thus only we’re going but yeah the mandatory is left for you..(smiles and showing Zed’s recent video message in Mallow’s phone sent just a minute ago,”

I see you stay forever young,
My sweet little sis singin’ underneath the never setting sun.
Rejoicing in her beatitude’s name.
Waving a flag for me today and ever after this day, you’ll ever keep on to say,

When I get older,
I will be stronger,
You’ll call me Freedom,
Just like this wavin’ flag.

Ever little to me with the thoughts now older, My dear sis now knows the reality directly beyond intuitions thus beyond the word stronger, I’m only waiting for her to sing the song louder, So that now it renews this moment to make it no more older.

My little doll you’re now older
Established non psychophysically so stronger You’re reaching your soul the Freedom So I can’t just wait for you to wave your flag

(waving a flag,smile)
So, wave your flag.
Now, wave your flag.
Now, wave your flag.”
..
"
,Mallow beams  oy,Seth tenders her smiling)..just call him dear knows each of my plans as usual only waiting for his baby sis to come out victorious just like his bro as ever forever..(smiles,Mallow rings Zed)..”
Zed(smile) : “hallow Mrs Mallow Waterflower Ketchum,Cerulean City Water&Ice specialty Gym Leader,Class of Eminence,JPYBFCKRS 11 city circle Region,Section 6,Sector 3,Kanto..I guess the only thing out of this that’s left now the 4 letters is exactly what has left your mind today by means of other 4 letters’ for the rest of this term but relax the that is left in only in literal terms meaning you’ll go thorough this again just as you agree to a term but may it be more enjoying for then now tell me how has the unfoldment of flags been you little sulking brat(laugh)..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beaming) : “um..bro I’m just so..(chokes, oy smiling)..” Zed(laugh) : “happy to be officially Mrs Mulu Ketchum in documents too finally(laugh)..don’t get too salty beware of density for words(laugh)..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]broad smile) : “bro I’m living in heaven now(Zed smiles,Seth too smiles  ehadi firmly)..really it all is an illusion all these years of voidness..” Zed(smile) : “indeed as an essential step to happiness this term your hubby’s starting pet says all a way to enjoy the most(laughs,Mallow broadly smiles)..anyway all for later my little doll just get a thorough checkup now as Seth has arranged and just stay happy ever once more next time your brat will himself be more prudent or just reverse the rolls(laughs,Seth too laughs,Mallow smiles)..meeting you as soon as I can return I’ve got much work still left but that’s not happening till you two return and including you Seth forget the rest of the world they can wait for eternity they’re safe enough with you two(smiles,both broadly smiles)..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beaming) : “um..yeah thanks bro..will be waiting and come prepared for salt gun only(smiles)..” Zed(laugh) : “yeah my lucky day..see you dear bye..(Mallow reciprocates and bye)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “saw,all same same(smils  ehadi,Mallow smiles broadly  oy)..right now please welcome Charlie Doldrum Cuo's help during his sweet phases fondling your elder version today but she i hear slept off earlier you woke up always this ain't fair(laughs a lot,Mallow smiles,Ingemar comes in..) Ingemar(bit worried) : “um..Mulu no I was here nothing..” Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]smile,  Ingemar firmly) : “always no difference bro(Ingemar smiles and pats her tenderly,Mallow smiles,Ingemar pats her gently)..” Ingemar(smile) : “no it was same for Poppy just whatever you’ve realized my sweet little sis it was indeed the abject failure of your husbands to take you two along properly thus today they had to see and get through that is to take you through that’s all they both succeeded that’s all in rhymes(smiles,Mallow smiles,Seth too smiles then hugs her back patting her head gently)..a very very complex psychic process I had to be here as you know with all our bunch and all it was needed and hence both your husbands pushed you two even more they had to and did and wouldn’t have been bothered to stop before you two understood what you did understood I was here with Genkie just to assure the safety valve was there for my interest and that of your bunch..anyway I won’t say anything else dear you need urgent medications forget everything and go with him..I’ll meet you as you return well if that is though(laughs squeezing Mallow’s cheeks,Mallow blushes smiling,Seth laughs  er very firmly)..best wishes/cats and fishes(laughs,Seth too laughs,Mallow hides her face in Seth’s shoulder blushing and smiling)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh,same pose) : “too sweetie no matter what saw(both laugh then smile,Mallow still blushes a bit,Ingemar softly tenders her head especially the back region)..” Ingemar(smile) : “tell him to message the lobes for weeks now you need it with the gang awaiting(all laugh)..anyway Seth take care of yourself and her bye..(all reciprocate and bye..)..(laughs)..imMarginalizable(Mallow smiles in same pose)..(loud,few moments later)..sectant-psychomonus-lufter- psychonomic-subgenetion(laugh)..just a subtle body at too serious pace both of us(laugh)..and you namecalled sweetie soulmate just listen to the names  e as firmly as you can,hum..(smiles at Mallow  er very firmly,Mallow smiles at Seth and hugs him very firmly)..Thundurus,Ho-Oh,Salamence,Charizard,Moltres,Zapdos,Tornadus,Lugia and Ultracozy..Ultranercom from undercover all by herself(Mallow smiles and keeps  oy)..Bulby sleep powder your SOMBRE STAT so that I can fondle her to absolute maxima(laugh,Mallow smiles at him)..yeah you’re right aren’t you Bulby what is what(laughs a lot,Mallow wonders and broadly smiles)..you know our commandants Mulu you can't leave anyone out before oneness(smiles,Mallow beams with little tears of joy) by all means that always looked after me never separated not today either neither from you nor from me(laughs,Mallow beams and shivers)” Stash(zapping in via his Goodra and Zygarde,laughing) : "so Mulu which one became paramount to you effectivity of enumerability"
..................................smile) : 
..................................(thumbs up moving his back and forth pointing to Mallow)..We were too sure that SOMBRE STAT for eternity is our friend/(pointing his fingers upwards,same spatial movement)and this thus a (pointing his index finger towards Mallow) FIENDSHIP that’ll(moving his hand sideways same pose,moves his heads with his hand in same rhythm) never ever end..”
..................................Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]beaming,  Stash very firmly) : “bro..you..” Stash(laugh,tendering the backside of her head tenderly) : “just best fiends Mulu flower besides that never worried about your brat even last month start..(laughs,Mallow hides her face in Seth's shoulders smiling,Seth smiles and tenders her then wipes her tears off)..no it’s eventual your thoughts it’s eventual your actions but this reaction of all of us too is thus eventual you know(laughs,..)..well it’s ironical Seth that this sort of a completely lunatic yet SOMBRE STAT we’ll have to be associated with as the bat profusely buzzed saying we’re doomed to this inevitability(laughs)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile, ehadi very firmly) : “till we all become too sweetie(tenders Mallow smiling,Mallow in same pose smiles broadly,.s)..”
Stash(laugh) : “exactly as I thought get prepared Colony me coming too else it’s illogical from my part as well you know to not join Zed no matter my failure(laughs,Seth smiles,Mallow broadly smiles)..no Mulu don’t giggle atleast your hubby finally confessed that he likes you psychophysically too(laughs a lot,both Seth and Mallow smile)..yours is the opposite Mulu but we know some things can’t be forcefully removed as we saw ourselves at Unova still had to be Unova though could’ve been anywhere like Unova yeah(laughs,Seth too laughs,Mallow also laughs finally)..atleast i had fun Niji was patrolling Pallet for any discrepancies now is incensed all that came only waited procedural buffoons i can FEEL her pain so proper for entangling me into this(frowns,Seth and Mallow un..)..and well i tried to know but never found that i had a spouse at all only reflections so there wasn't any literal help others are no good in this they have scores to settle against themselves i rather have to only counter(laughs..lot,Seth and Mallow smiles)..(straight) anyhow in reality Mr Ketchum I hope your s.. isn’t o.. too much once more in these 24 years enough to categorize my sweet little sis..welcome never bye(zaps out,Seth laughs,Mallow frowns at where Stash was standing..)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laughing) : “yeah too much emotion now after the process just the psychophysical reaction in me hence(laughs)..”
Mallow : it reads here(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Darkened Ones,#,..]bit concerned) : “um..Seth you..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..] ehadi very firmly and tendering her,smile) : “this is my 24 year long wife talking hum finally that’s his little baby twin sis(Mallow broadly smiles  oy)..and well(laugh),I spoke with those beautiful men most mostly the ones that are most beautiful they have gone to the Palkias not Similes nor Shadows nor Holograms nor vultures and thankfully no to Phantoms certainly so don’t bother(laughs a lot,Mallow smiles  im firmly)..those men only said but very gravely that(laughing..) she spoke with us Seth that you mind the tense aren't paying any attention to her projects(both un..long) i said-SO WHAT SO WHAT(uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter,Mallow TOO UN..)..this means you aren't emotinally stable unlike last time you brainwashed us into catching Kingdras dragons don't understand predictions ok you threw us under the bus INTENTIONALLY TO COMPETE WITH HER INTELLECTUAL ACUMEN(both un..long)..and they were so serious i said i thought you were here cause of personal problems,but she never had any analyzable which she explained to us as treatable than amenable but again you fooled us saying she's wasting her efforts in certain projects through personality giving us a distorted picture to DEFECT US INTO YOUR HIDEOUS DRAGONIC CLAN(both un..)..i said anyway finish the match first(both un..long)..these sort of brats aren't found anywhere but Cerulean you know(both laugh..lot)..but he had to be used he among so many we all knew had potential but never saw you as original viciously refusing to admit modification than change in continuation not discrete hence was used obviously(both laugh..lot)..then i asked Harris son that you patronize with me what if i link you up with her hum,you mean optional hue(both un..long),i said man why are you so hellbent for me admit her form huh she doesn't admit it herself yet admits mine what's wrong with you all(both burst..),any sanely living person would understand the difference between aptitude and presentation EXCEPT MOST HIDEOUS DRAGONS(both un..)


..by the way Madgaleo said just as he was called in,you see look-only-at this idea of enormity is indeed the progressive surge of serendipity which excludes the idea of heterogeneity the basic aim of life to define universal conformity but alas this generosity suddenly turns into plurality thus comparison comes up never as per the definition of difference the necessity thus this life becomes devoid of happiness itself defined as undefinable by specificity hence this idea of SOMBRE STAT being a being makes her the reality dabble in your emotional stupidity thanks(laughs a lot,Mallow uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)..right now sleep JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK(laughs a lot,Mallow too laughs a lot)..”
Stash(zapping in,after Mallow sleeps) : “good..by the way Seth I just recalled why don’t I alarm Marengo anyway Hunnie is there so that I can..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “Stashey please dear calm down you can’t fight the whole world don’t bother..” Stash(still angry) : “I wouldn’t have if finally a few categorical b.. didn’t signify it..in a conversation with Noogie I just recalled the contrast to her this is something i know all about Seth too well this plane thought won't be needed that when suddenly the..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]tired) : “man just beat it ok let my wife be at peace..” Stash(laugh) : “indeed(laughs,Seth laughs too)..this is something this brat is telling us since like 4.5 when had to go to middle school(both laugh..lot)..anyway..(patting Seth)..take you time bro no rush Neil and Edu are here anyway anytime Poppy is ok now as an information as is Cuo both were cleaned up thankfully(laughs,Seth broadly smiles)..(Stash zaps out after a few minutes)..(Cuong comes in)..
Cuong(smiles) : "who signs the papers first(hugs Seth,Seth too smiles and hugs him).."
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smiling) : "emotionally(both burst into laughter)"
Cuong(laughing..) : "mentally though not actually(both un..)..anyway Seth i just came Poppy is awake now fell asleep after may be half an hour or 1 hours next 6/7 all about Edu and Margin just woke up about half an hour ago..Stashey went there you may visit now..we're not leaving now will go to Rimsable with Edu and Neil"
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : "thanks.."




(few moments later,Stash is getting prepared as is Ingemar,Zed rings Mallow from another number,she is sleep powered) Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]bit concerned) : “yeah the ground upon which statistics rule” Zed(smile) : “have been at the university only whole day with myths don’t worry as I told you just tell the cab to pick me too jaded to move out else will spend today at library..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “tuned(both smile)..”
Zed(smile) : “are your bros too..”
Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]smile) : “yeah..”
Zed(laugh) : “good..besides honey today you all had company does it rhyme properly(laughs)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “man do you really think that brat stood a chance against all this(both laugh)..” Zed(laugh) : “wouldn’t have faced them would the sociable individual dear(both laugh a lot)” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “yeah still leaves me in danger more that those two brats as usual(both laugh)..anyway Margin is too shrewd you know having dabbled himself in exclusion which Mrs Scythe couldn’t cook(both laugh) but Stashey you call him once saw the whole thing all is fine except that encounter at Johto the vultures for once shut his mouth mentally by vanishing not disappearing(both laugh)..” Zed(laugh) : “yeah I’m seeing will meet him no matter as we know just getting impatient will tell him not to detour cause that’s against morality blatantly(both laugh)..” Seth : which is assembled if that then as[all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Blackbox of Perception,#,..]laugh) : “yeah defer it as long as you can else Pasio is going to turn to the Military already whole history of inhuman hospital cases has been ordered to be retrieved within this month(both laugh a lot)..but anyway bro keep safe atleast another you..(smiles)” Zed(smile) : “it’s cool dear just enjoy your date at Marengo forget everything else..Silim knows the situation at lab wasn’t going to do a thing to any pokemon(laughs,Seth smiles)..anyway enough all under control for a long time just vigilance after a suqabble no more defenders will be needed though this time across rooms..see you dear bye..(both smile,reciprocate and bye)”
....................................
....................................
(after the protective wall of Seth’s bunch is let down..,Gary just returned after inspection with Kommo-O and Lucent meets Benjamin,Tempest,Ariel,Arjen,Zenith,Albert,Gordon,Igor,Felix and Glenn)

Lucent,Benjamin,Tempest,Ariel,Arjen,Zenith,Albert,Gordon,Igor,Felix and Glenn : "instantaneously if it was to be pointed from later(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..the Vultures of Nest,all un..).."
Gary : "professionalism compeers future is only comment's pretext countering you see(all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Professional Ego,all un..,.."

Gary(solemn) : “yeah they’re down it’s ok now..” Igor(frown) : “Centy where’s Stash and more importantly where’s Blythe and Ingemar” Lucent(frown) : “there’s no flying types left who can follow them,neither Blithie nor Margin is here along with their bunch” Tempest(scowl) : “and you’re competing for Elite4 at present” Lucent(frown) : “As much as is your aptitude no difference if not less” Benjamin(angry) : “hence in the end you too have turned out to be a..” Albert(solemn) : “Ben enough with it let’s have a..” Benjamin(still angry,pointing to Lucent) : “yeah yeah ABSOLUTELY YEAH and you b..” Gordon(irritated) : “man would you stop” Tempest(angry) : “he may but I won’t Giddy cause there’s no damn proof that he didn’t take her there to a doctor who specializes in..” Arjen(scoff) : “Tempie shut the hell up!” Zenith(sigh) : “man have you all lost your heads..” Tempest(still angry) : “no I know as do you Zennie the struggles in GROSS terms..” Ariel(frown) : “and hence he could do this to his bunch..mate just grow up..” Igor(sarcasm) : “but Gary are as you sure as you were of whatever he told you that it’s..” Gordon(disappointed) : “mate just beat it if such was the case what’s this brat doing here whole day..” Felix(angry) : “waiting to backstab or what” Glenn(disspointed) : “yeah and that’s after all these years of connection with their trainers isn’t it Fel..” Felix(angry) : “yeah when..”
Gary(solemn) : “Fel enough,just stop it..we’re all going in just stay behind Kimmie no I’m fine my bunch has been prepared too exactly what I was there for I’m fine..”
Igor(sarcasm) : “why not the..”
Gary(solemn) : “you know as well as me the answer to this question..may we go now..” Benjamin(irritated) : “Centy what’s the use in having you then..” Lucent(sarcasm) : “to get my bunch weigh heavy upon me from every corner or what..” Albert(firmly) : “anyway enough with this let’s go there first..” Glenn(frown) : “hang on a minute Centy your bunch is contest bunch no matter the familiarity they can weigh heavy on them in these sudden and subtle twists unless you were negligent how did they get to this position..” Lucent(solemn) : “they can’t prove me right Glennie just that neither has Putu’s bunch helped they got them with the charges but they seem to be too assured of themselves I suspect what you should know better than me about..” Tempest(extremely angry) : “enough we know how..” Arjen(grave) : “we have 8 other siblings too Tempie no matter the existence hence no need to word it down..” Felix(very angry) : “that Stash d..” Gordon(sigh) : “man please stop this your idea against that he helped you to grow the most don’t waste time let’s go..” Felix(angry) : “not before he tells us why he left his bunch out knowing everything about the g..” Lucent(sarcasm) : “so that I can once more prove that you’re not trainers and I’m and you’re trying to overstep me or what since g..” Igor(angry) : “of ca..”
Gordon(shout) : “IGO!SHUT UP!”
Lucent(sarcasm) : “why bother man no do..” Igor(sarcasm) : “atleast they don’t p..” Gary(sternly) : “you all ENOUGH WITH THIS!either you go or I’ll lock you all up including you Centy like the other 8 little brats..I’m going if you don’t want to pursue each other just like those in need of whom you’re finally talking..” Benjamin(angry,going) : “yeah no matter Centy even they wouldn’t..” Arjen(firmly,controlling Benjamin) : “yeah we’re only going to know it if we manage to reach the spot just shut up..”
(Seth’s cabin,Gary went in with Kommo-O who was present near,the cabin is surrounded by Seth’s bunch still but they don’t say anything)
Gary(coming out,very solemn) : “yeah patched up,Margin at Farm,Blithie there since morning the outside and inside profession that came here were only the sprinkles of wave that hit there Cladlie was there the main defender along with Mr Nofcun,Stash followed them to Marengo and it’s there cause Chansbert laid her hands”
Felix(extremely angry) : “saw!saw what I’ve been telling you all along..who in the f.. world even in f.. abstraction now gurantees that..”
Albert(disspointed) : “his bunch”
Glenn(stopping Felix) : “enough Fel calm down dear..” Benjamin(sarcasm) : “surely Scrafty’s in demand ain’t she Igo..” Igor(extremely angry,trying to go inside) : “indeed Benji I’ll see now if that..” Zenith(controlling Igor) : “man have you all become 5 year olds again,what would you yourselves had done in this situation with a bunch like this..” Tempest(sarcasm) : “backstab like Centy or what” Ariel(solemn) : “Tempie enough,even if he does that his bunch will crumble besdie him you know that and you know whom he took with him even today..” Tempest(angry) : “Gary look he technically won’t be wrong if she has just..” Zenith(firmly) : “regardless of what you say Fel or any of you I don’t care if that’s the case cause you give me a damn name who will want to..” Gary(solemn) : “no it’s ok..Zennie enough don’t insult yourself..first Mallow if wasn’t still alive he would’ve failed that clearly hasn’t happened as you can yourselves see,second if that’s the case he still would’ve failed which didn’t happened as you see too what is it exactly Glenn that you’re not happy about..” Glenn(solemn) : “what Fel is saying has only one value to me that he personally didn’t contact any of us and certainly who could write these could’ve done that as well then cut off and leave takes same time isn’t it Igor” Igor(sarcasm) : “yeah I just hope..”
Arjen(firmly) : “mate do you realize what you’ve been saying since morning..” Igor(dissapointed) : “you know as well Aju what condition sis was in and that he perfectly knew it having entered her room exactly as a..” Ariel(solemn) : “enough we get you..” Benjamin(angry) : “no matter what you say Centy come with me..” Lucent(solemn) : “neither Kimmie nor Arnie are our pokemons why waste your time..” Tempest(extremely angry) : “yeah then exactly as you were d..” Gordon(firmly) : “Tempie!Stop It!you’re losing yourself..you know as well as me that it’s the effective solution only..this bunch needs him else will themselves use us to find him and the viseversa the very reason why he hasn’t left the lab..just stay calm it’s ok..” Benjamin(extremely angry) : “I won’t work here again unless Margin..” Zenith(sternly) : “neither would he VIA logic beat it..” Gordon(firmly) : “and you too..” Albert(bit concerned) : “but where’s Trace Gary..” Gary(solemn) : “he’s fine knows everything from me too not only Daisy don’t worry he’s fine,Myla aunty is with him and you know the rest it’s all about this bunch and the rest that is..Seth is in firm eyes of the Elite4 of each region as is Zed from day one you know that..it’s not so easy for them no matter..and it’s foolishness to suddenly suspect Zed too at this rate knowing perfectly regardless of his personality what his 4 are capable of doing with human mind and we’ve 2 of them right here..as far as Blithie is concerned she could’ve way before took over from me didn’t and Margin isn’t a fool he could’ve sabotaged my bunch itself..and mate I understand your concern over Stash but I tell you don’t do anything if he returns atleast today Seth has a limit cause of his wife he doesn’t and especially today won’t..there are other ways to deal each except Zed hence stay calm..Zed’s bunch is too fine tuned for deliberations so that doesn’t concern me at all..please let’s give the news inside and then all of us must go to the other groups we’ve got much work to do..” Igor(frown) : “you all go in Centy stay here with me and Kimmie..” Lucent(sarcasm) : “yeah indeed otherwise how can I accuse another backstabber unless..” Gary(stern) : “I’m wanring you two the last time either you stay what you are that is brothers or resign and go to hell..” Arjen(dissapointed) : “man just calm down all you know let’s get on with this we’ve got so much to do..come on..” Benjamin(solemn) : “yeah Igo just come on..Centy is yours influenced too or just inactive” Lucent(concerned) : “neither hence my troubles too that indeed Seth went too far..they asked me if I knew how to establish myself in a decision which means they got some signals cause the whole bunch at some point were confused and as this includes the wise one it means for once neither of the three knew what they were doing must’ve held it up for a moment and again restarted..I don’t like this Gary why Zed wasn’t there would’ve taken 2 minutes..” Gary(solemn) : “during which Chansbert could’ve captured Flexdijon..” Tempest(sarcasm) : “yeah as if he already knew they would’ve and hence went all alone with one to show how great a hero..” Gary(solemn) : “and succeeded no matter the intention as did his family here and that’s all I’ll speak..(very sternly)..you scoundrels either you come or I’ll leave you incapacitated for today except Centy..Centy follow..” Tempest(scowl) : “it could’ve been you too Gary at Flexdijon couldn’t it..” Gary(frown) : “personally anything else..” Tempest(solemn) : “beat it let’s go..(all go following Gary)..just in case observer is staying(all un..,Bix+Fiesta..The Vultures of Quest,all un..)..”
Gary : "comprehension compeers let's go seer no more needed(all un..,Ruben+Galaxy..The Professional Ego,all un..,..).."
...................................(Inside,Potentia,Aurora,Celestia,Zeta,Questa,Ela,Tranquila,Scintilla)

Potentia,Aurora,Celestia,Zeta,Questa,Ela,Tranquila,Scintilla : "no coverage don't sing the general noise/as want of holistic is hidden in vision's voyage(all un..long,..Bix+Fiesta..The Adjourned Vultures,all un..).."

Potentia(bit angry) : “yeah was allowed to have a trip finally all cleared now a piece of paper in the cabin had it written down that they are at Marengo now Chansbert was the culprit..” Zeta(angry) : “where’s the paper..”
Potentia(irritated) : “look I asked..”
Aurora(extremely angry) : “you b..(Tranquila controls her)” Ela(frown) : “Aurie she’s not against us mind it..did you meet Gary or just those infatuated little brats” Potentia(bit angry) : “why don’t you..” Zeta(extremely angry) : “because we didn’t..(Scintilla stops her but sarcastically says,if we could that is)” Potentia(scream) : “so this comes down to this then huh you..(Celestia controls her)” Celestia(frown) : “Putu leave it you brats too just leave it..” Aurora(extremely angry) : “Marengo means psychic healing or killing if this itself wasn’t enough..” Zeta(sarcasm) : “could also mean..”
Tranquila(frown,firmly) : “Jitters would you stop it..” Aurora(angry) : “no need to be omniscient Tunkie you don’t know what we..” Questa(scream) : “yeah that he..(chokes and profusely cries)..” Ela(frown) : “don’t aggravate it Putu what are the conditions of the bunch..” Potentia(angry) : “why aren’t you omniscient Ellie huh..” Scintilla(angry) : “yeah enough to understand why psychic healing is needed so that now when he..” Celestia(firmly) : “Sintu please..we’re sisters still no matter him..beat it..” Zeta(frown) : “are we allowed to go now or are still the great Gods of heaven not done with their inspection of..” Tranquila(sternly) : “Jitters!shut up!..” Ela(frown) : “look nothing’s happening if we are only arguing here I’m going there I’ll see how they stop me today come if you want or continue this..” Aurora(angrily) : “yeah let’s go cause Ellie won’t get passed even Centy..” Tranquila(firmly) : “yeah we’ll see just let’s go now..” (all going to the main entrance to the field) Aurora(angry) : “and both of those two also found that ofcourse the other was..” Tranquila(disappointed) : “man would you stop this” Scintilla(frown) : “why aren’t they here answer it yourself” Celestia(frown) : “don’t want to create a skirmish at the lab to alarm all..” Zeta(angry) : “or just s..”
Ela(frown) : “except your idea behind this language I don’t disagree..” Celestia(frown) : “but you should Ellie whole bunch is enough of a hindrance given the..” Tranquila(scoff) : “what is this Cello huh never can let go of your entailing faculty can you..” Potentia(very dejected) : “yeah neither should’ve..” Aurora(extremely angry) : “ABSOLUTELY NEVER..” Tranquila(sternly) : “you brats do you want me to call Gary” Zeta(sarcasm) : “yeah when..”
Celestia(firmly) : “Jitters enough..”
Scintilla(frown) : “I don’t believe anyone till I see sis let’s go..” Ela(frown) : “yeah..oh running running from staying running to be why.."
Potentia,Aurora,Celestia,Zeta,Questa,Tranquila,Scintilla : "else construing only fulfilled no judgement lie(all un..long,..Ruben+Galaxy..The Vultures in Practice,all un..)"
...................................
(later,Mallow is in Henry care for checkup,Seth calls Lance) Seth(smile) : “hallow Mr Lansburg sorry for calling now but just to tell you that just that the picture is reality now in my life just has been able to reach the agreement of buying(smiles)” Lance(smile) : “just so happy I’m Seth it’s the greatest news for you to have ever happened son none wanted to lose you your wife was on the path of which we all knew couldn’t desist her it’s her life at the end of the day none can help her mind and now the fact that nothing of any sinister sort would happen makes us as happy as any and don’t bother about officialities needs an year to recover from that night duality(both laugh) unlike you though(both laugh) just enjoy..” Seth(smile) : “yeah thanks Mr Lansburg and no I’ll just announce after proposal rest your burden not mine from Pinkenberry(both laugh)” Lance(smile) : “yeah surely not possible that language from resorts(both laugh)..anyway just congrats son best wishes..(both smiles)..” Seth(laugh) : “but re-employing your son-in-law is so hard even left his own 10 month old son with his helpless mom all alone with Viol flower of all unstable flowers as only help who rejects all helps for her herself most expressively especially exactly when the situation direly needs the opposite surely know their antics even today at Jubillie(both laugh)” Lance(laugh) : “yeah but the thing is Violet won’t know but Rue already sent your last night’s conversations that no safety measures can buy man ever(both laugh a lot)..” Seth(laugh) : “yeah as they can’t STING mentally that is(both laugh a lot)..by the way Mr Lansburg I infact didn’t think about it then but um..pertaining to that press..” Lance(smile) : “your aunty couldn’t be happier Seth after 47 long years of wait from 29 to 76 now neither could I be satisfied more at the very end of my career one month before the end but we’re not jumping you today(laughs,Seth smiles)..”
Seth(smile) : “um..no it’s okay should’ve done it along with the rockets themselves but then receded anyway I’m very happy hearing it Mr Lansburg really..(bit concerned)..but um..yeah by-the-way you may find some psychic samples much sought after that forgot to head to the pokemon plane hence came to our plane at Flexdijon that rhymes perfectly with yogurt which may be used inside Rockets too I don’t know the real ones only the demos..” Lance(bit concerned) : “I see..the devil is still kicking even at this age..anyway,make sure Mallow gets the the best possible treatments I’ll see about Flexdijon but are you assured of the other samples that you sampled in order to get the budding truth value out of your specific solution..” Seth(smile) : “no they are just as good as they come by all just the diffusion of mind when you have reached the state changing points of systems that is assured just the searching needs to be done to get the sampled solution full and clean so that the spreading is mitigated to the most in future just the other few ingredients that are significant..” Lance(smile) : “yeah sure..no it’s ok..I’ll do what I can about it don’t worry Zed must’ve been there patiently listening to the classes whole day anyway(both laugh)..anyway,enough with sampling just enjoy your time with your newley married wife and congrats again once more..(Seth reciprocates and bye..)” (now Seth calls Sabrina)
Seth(smile) : “hallow sis,got back Mulu(smiles,Sabrina also smiles broadly)..” Sabrina(smile) : “so happy dear most joyous news but yeah engaging too welcome to duality(laughs)” Seth(laughs) : “by every means(both laugh)..anyway I’m at Henry Care here now actually Chansbert laid her hands on her hence at Henry care now all fine and during the date used all psychics except Daunty,Quizzy,Cue,Dragu,Drugu,Glalie and Sharpie..don’t know what the wise ones were doing though(both laugh)..simultaneous psychic healing as I told you and given my realizations with the picture of Mulu had to make her understand as much hence had to get cured given what she is to me and yeah the brats with Bulby as doc Baylie assistant Quizzy and Cue observer Dragu and Drugu emergency Daunty reserve Sharpie for lab Glalie would’ve bettered each hence shoved her down Lillie’s throat(both laugh) then her helpers and finally with Ferali as my helper(both laugh) once more most jovially and comfortably delivered(laughs)” Sabrina(smile) : “well thank goodness that she’s away from Chansbert now for the rest of all infinity and beyond and about the brats well as ever Seth just tickles most the most expanding(both laugh)..and has your biggest brat been active today(both laugh) Seth(laugh) : “motivationally as a statistician for a day(both laugh a lot)” Sabrina(laugh) : “hence I wish you best for your date with hospital foods cause that brat surely ate whatever Silim procured out of her own civilized judgment of the social occasion(both laugh a lot)” Seth(laugh) : “yeah but here still the brats will cheat with the quantity as usual unlike her though but yeah mentally that is(both laugh a lot)..” Sabrina(laughing) : “how did Stash keep patience and the other one marginalized(both laugh)” Seth(laugh) : “Blithie threatened both too emotionally(both laugh a lot)..hence was banished without the wise ones who instantly rejected her hence(all laugh)..and she used it against us showing what can happen cunning you know(both laugh)..anyway bye sis don’t bother telling anyone cause let it be the most ENTHRALLING(both laugh)..besides tomorrow you better not be found in the world cause of the explanations so see you soon..(both laugh then Sabrina reciprocates and bye)..” (now Seth calls Simon) Seth(smile) : “um..hallow Mr Gower sorry to disturb you at this time but just beat it I’m now engaged to Mulu(smiles)..” Simon(smile) : “congrats Seth most heartfelt from me and all but just leave it Mr Ketchum you’ve abducted her(both laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “yeah just wish Pinkenberry will be a safe place(both laugh)” Simon(laugh) : “surely else why the age-old bonhomie(both laugh a lot)..anyway Seth really it’s just such a great news so much relived and happy I’m dear again many many congrats just take rest and enjoy your time with your wife and family..(Seth reciprocates and bye)..” (now Seth calls Lubos)
Seth(smile) : “hallow Mr Hobbs,it’s just that the operation ends finally got engaged to Mallow officialities remain only..(smile)..”
Lubos(smile) : “well a great news for me and us here many congrats Seth best wishes enjoy your time at that FISHY gym(both laugh) mentally that is if you’re there at present not so(both laugh then both reciprocate and bye)..”
(now Seth calls Percy)
Seth(smile) : “hallow Percy my dear,sorry if I’m disturbing but it’s just to inform that pertaining to that press at Kalos well I truly have got married finally(smile)”
Percy(smile) : “great news Seth congrats to you and Mallow most heartily and best wishes from both me and Sam it really is such a pleasant news Seth we really were concerned with your well being you know given everything just happy to know but is this the same Mallow as in Ms Mallow Waterflower from Cerulean,Kanto the only one whom you never spoke of as you sis or friend to those who are so(both laugh a lot)..”
Seth(laugh) : “yeah indeed same ponytail as you know and far more Gyaradosy than the 20 year old who told you of all people to like shut up!only I get to hug Seth after matches..um..him(both laugh)..wasn’t in Ponytails today though bargaining still saw all are always same category first day and third(both laugh)..Crawdauntogator isn’t sympathetic upon personal relations you know and Tyranitar was left alone in Unova still(both laugh)..just an illusion hopefully both were able to overcome just took time anyway I won’t distub you further man cause you know how much you will be tomorrow(both laugh) I’m just too happy and given that I can do something more than just to roam around in presses means your life will be busy with new dragon population enhancement and introduction projects under MR Cilan Cubin and so on(both laugh)..so yeah best wishes from me to extending to sweet little Nick and Samantha..(smile)..”
Percy(smile) : “yeah thanks Seth and take the return too from all of us for your married life but I don’t want to talk about dragons now for that exact reason(both laugh and reciprocate and bye)..”
(now Seth calls David and has a long chat) (later after checkup,8:30,restaurant,private cell,only Seth and Mallow) Seth(laugh) : “if I ask you after 23 years now for twice,would you date me?(both laugh a lot)” Mallow(laughs) : “no YOU’RE A STRANGER(both laugh a lot as Seth says ‘attitude?’)” Seth(laughs) : “well that was only needed wasn’t it(both laugh) but I see so you date known people only then(both laugh a lot)” Mallow(laugh) : “what do you mean?hum? Like my hubby..hum..you..(both laugh)” Seth(laughs) : “means you’ll date...”
Mallow(smile, holding Seth’s hands firmly) : “Seth Ketchum,no titles just my sweet soulmate and my husband eteral..all the time as usual,eternally happening(both smile)”
Seth(smile) : “and who are you Ms..”
Mallow(holding Seth’s hands firmly,smile) : “not Ms.,I’m Mrs. Mallow Ketchum wife of her soulmate Seth Ketchum eternally”
Seth(smile) : “my sweet and Mallowvious pleasure(both hugs each other firmly for a few moments)” Mallow(smile) : “you just know everyone here don’t you?” Seth(laugh) : “yeah but not officially like I’ve access to legal documents(both burst into laughter)..man that is after like 2 questions and I knew as ever you’re just too sweetie(both laugh) no really the ponytail was enough(both laugh) as you said I’ve a beau I said yeah surely never in a million years without(both laugh)..hardly managed to not fondle you there itself including when you turned up once more scowling in that black dress too sweetie(both laugh)..and Mulu,it’s just Marengo dear(both laugh)..you saw who I used and what sort of brats these three are(Crawdaunt becomes visible,Meowstic and Musharna come out of pokeballs and pesters both a bit then Meostic and Musharna returns to pokeball as Crawdaunt becomes invisible again,both laugh)..saw how they don’t require rest and which brat is too fresh still(both laugh)..each a gem well Daunty surely you know too well(all laugh) I’ll tell you novels that will entertain you beyond limits your ture medicine and why I am their soulmate as well(both laugh)..(Seth whispers in Mallow’s ears)Trade not at all secrect but is so cause you’re my sweetie Mulu ponytail(both laugh looking at each other then Seth whispers again while they are ach other firmly) first the result in the gym that brat Snorlax told your poor Dosey can you express yourself without rage(both burst into laughter) trade secret is had no intention of battling and you know they can’t battle if opposition is absolutely free of that sentiment no matter what with their master thus my results supremely intelligent just humans without the emotions and rest limitations battled so much mentally cause my lack of anticipation lead my Yveltal at bay against a Metapod(both laugh) scoffed at me first Crawdaunt poked by Feraligator and Chu’s attitude was that rubbed the other brats(both laugh)including the 9 from Kalos all know who they are inside out like philosophers perfect pokehappiness imaginable(both laugh) so no trouble 296 among 322 can’t breed cause they themselves heightened the intelligence and pokemonly happy by knowing their limitations to absolute so don’t care and there’s no fear of death cause they pokemonly knows the eventual and in one word they know what a pokemon is in gerenal sense so all same legend or kid(both laugh) I’m called master brat(both laugh) cause I was idiotic to tell them what to do(both laugh) thus hindering their progress(both laugh) during Unova each asked the other whose your beau bring each brat together(both laugh) and as they were tendering you when you slept scoffed at me why are you two serious(both laugh) and why are we told be so(both laugh) so master brat still is the sweet idiot(both laugh) and their power like flamethrower is highest legend level cause they pokemonly know what it means so no restrictions due to their own capasity(both laugh) and thus now your whole gym together to my one Butterfree is far far below any substandard food(both laugh) well any Lightenthunstorm would too(both laugh) cause Butterfree is the metaphysics master(both laugh) would show that he is opponent and the viseversa(both burst into laughter) yeah exactly as you’re thinking that brat at 3rd gen realized the soulmateship seen then(both laugh) and has become absolute 3rd class(both burst into laughter) gave up breeding power too happy world famous once only tested told the doctors why test yourselves are you not me(both burst into laughter) not again tested(both laugh) that whole ghost group were telling me that I was agitating you up to tell you not not get agitated(both laugh) cause they didn’t get the inbetween signals and was saying that you’re unstable and serious thus definitely another utter idiot(both laugh) and I was told at last that I made you agitated and all so that the final joyous moment we had was the most ENGAGING(both burst into laughter) we see,too much bonhomie(both burst into laughter) that’s Chu for you you see(both laugh) that is that they are most vulgar(both laugh) but the sweetness is that they don’t have human emotions and themselves can’t breed all that beau counting(both laugh) is to toughen the mental battle and get under other’s skins(both laugh) and Mulu you know my mind games and questions(both laugh) just rubbed each other on..abstract self aware beings that is soul having a body and mind of own just like us but the most perfect philosophers among us who are so happy with themselves don’t care whether alive or dead as that happiness with themselves are totally in the soul(both smile) as the mental battle got their body mind idea absolutely off and those who breed still show that similar attitude says even in season if I want them that it’s not that there’s not another(both laugh) so those brats just enjoying themselves so pester all and thus opponents even if they were greatest legends still if has an iota of thought of battling or anything other than just fooling around will themselves return to the ball dejected,Noivern as you know says I see battle this thought bugs you what is a battle thought what is a master what are his moods see at your age the issues you face(both burst into laughter)..he how came to me you know the reason is young leader was revolted out cause he said breeding season skirmishes just that blooming youth(both burst into laughter)..(normal)..so you see a lot went on(both laugh) and I’ve been here so many times except for spending each trophy celebration first with my sis at the gym getting her mad to the utmost(both laugh) still says you liitle brats have abducted me(both laugh),this was my base and resting place before undercover,I don’t know how many hours I spent in the arenas and forest as you know and can surmise(both laugh),also this was the place where I came first cause of solace after break-up but hopefully you didn’t else Gengy would’ve got you WOKEN(both laugh),same for Sabrina though generational progress(both laugh)..no Mulu 156 psychics today were phenomenal as were the rest 58 all are ghosts actually utmost that is(both laugh)..and well that’s except Glalie whose type you know best(all laugh)..she was on duty at home to mind the word PLACATE interferences(both laugh) mentally that is(both laugh)..and(whispers again,both hugs each other and smiling) only Mulu Ketchum can beat me but totally and soully cause she’s me and my sweetie and so I’ll dissolve into her if she’s anywhere seen or not seen(both smiles at each other)..but sadly Ferali doesn’t at all agree(both laugh)..so hard it was to not hug you and propose you as soon as I saw you in the gym Mulu hence the gloves(both laugh)..Henry Care is among top 3 in the world and best at Kanto all that are given and prescribed are unique but for ACTUAL recovery and any other things,all you need is me(both smile)..that’s all,rest falls mere wordplay..” Mallow(smile) : “Seth,I’m just..just so overjoyed to become your wife finally and formally..just with Seth that’s me(both smile at each other)..and we’re dating like 11 years later or more..” Seth(smile, ehadi firmly,Mallow smiles at Seth and hugs him firmly) : “just a sec Mulu,something I must say cause Gengar is my name and my philosophy and all tickle own self to tickle the being out to be self that’s soul that’s Mulu(smiles at Mallow,Mallow smiles at Seth,both same pose ach other firmly)..I came to know those beautiful men that were at Unova as I told you from themselves and they told us about their supposed dates that never could materialize for you and also for them as well they are too happy now out of illusion as well and had a long chat last month itself they are big fans now and it’s just to tell you Mulu,I might have taken 100 more years you would’ve been in safe hands but never happy just that hence only I was so desperate to marry you just on that very day we battled,you’re just me Mulu,if I’m not happy neither is you and the viseversa nothing matters to me hence and would’nt have if you just became happy to see me as you were during the lest few minutes of break-in in your subconscious,this date Mulu same way that we used to sit side by side arms around hand in hand all times since Kanto infact,same thing Mulu just the word I should’ve said and now just that,Mulu I cherish you so much sweetie cause your’re just me and add all possible feelings of closure with that word cherish thus making me so mundane that is just wipes itself out,Mulu I’m just you hence just be me(hugs Mulu very firmly smiling,Mallow also hugs Seth very firmly smiling)” Mallow(smile, oy very firmly,Seth also smiles  ehadi very firmly) : “soully(both smile at each other then hug each other very firmly smiling)” Seth(laugh,few minutes later) : “but about your first date sweetie,in this term of life our first date was on the 8th day of our journey,23 very very long years back in Pewter..um excuse me sir but the way to the gym..this way son go quickly today it’s open especially for new starters despite Sunday you see so generous our lad so much feeling for all..(both laugh a lot)..cause..
He’s got the whole world in His hands Onix don’t try to battle cause that’s in the Challenger’s hands(Mallow laughs) He’s got the whole contest world in His hands Thus he doesn’t win matches cause the opponent’s career is in His hands(Mallow bursts into laughter) Just a moment He’s got the fish of the tea electrifying His hands(laugh,Mallow bursts into laughter) So his mom has got the flying bird of the air now singing only in her hands(laugh,Mallow uncontrollably laughs) He’s got your scholarships and finances in His hands(both laugh) He’s got the whole world in His hands(both laugh) He’s got you and me,brother,in His hands He’s got you and me,sister,in His hands(both broadly smiles) He’s the cause of everthing including this date and the preceding too as we were in his hands(both laugh then smile) He’s got the whole world in his hands(both laugh) ..hum,sweetie remember our first date,’don’t go to the gym,you can’t beat him,too strong you’re not yet ready,’oh yeah,I’ll show you what means STEADY(both burst into laughter)’,’fine,you sweet..um..idiot(both laugh),we’ll see’,’yeah,fine!hey,pay your bill’,’just ask your hotel owner Gible’..(both burst into laughter)..” (food comes,eating)
Mallow(laughing) : “but Seth(laugh)..you knew my physical needs like that(both laugh).. it’s just..SO NAIVE(both bursts into laughter)”
Seth(laughing) : “age related(both burst into laughter)..and ofcourse I would know them just like Gyarados(both laugh)..just enjoy soulmate,no rush,besides I haven’t gazed you for 7 and asked every minute details for next 8 day and night for nothing(both bursts into laughter),BUT CONTEMPLATING(both burst into laughter)..eternally Mallowfied am I and so here in this form contemplating my Mallowvious dream looking at my Mallowfied soul’s another current form as my
sweet soulmate my sweet wife my sweet flower my very own being that’s just my Mallow(both smile at each other)..I know you as well as myself and as you do the viseversa Mulu..(both smile)..totally different from anyone else of both genders..at the age of just 17 years both never knew you’re a girl or I’m a boy and your Seth is not bounded by anything to you ever you are ever just Mulu no bounds same as you do(both smile) so these trifle matters are automatically known as very own body so we know everything about each other(both smile)..you’re just Mulu..just that(both smile)..and Mulu’s presence and memories and all just her thoughts ever helped me to get the physical and mental age related issues sorted out(both laugh)..by the way all this gibberish is a VEIL(both laugh)so why don’t I abduct you hum?..(both laugh)”
Mallow(laughing) : “attitude(both giggle)” Seth(laugh) : “as I said one question then(both laugh)..added two more,you thought like ‘just f.. it same thing have to repeat again’(both laugh) Mallow(laugh) : “I would’ve beaked Ruth’s head off and found you(bot laugh)..besides it would’ve only been Huntelion,Ulstock or Karapaskar wouldn’t it Seth(both laugh,Seth says or Ramahari,both laugh a lot CILI WHERE’S KOMMO-O,Seth let kids sleep properly at night the schoolbus anyway comes earlier than necessary for discipline,laughs,Mallow bursts into laughter)..by the way,hum Seth Ketchum?..this is your date with Cerulean Gym Leader hum?..(both bursts into laughter as Seth says,given the stomach today yeah)..” Seth(smile) : “there’s no such thing or person as gym leader cause it’s just my sweet Mulu flower,no titles(both smile at each other),you’re just Mulu(both broad smile),soully” Mallow(smile) : “souled”
(both share a quick hug again and returns to eating)..
Zoi(entering suddenly) : "when i thought one i was left two/when tried to be one focus said you/oh aptly voted section alas knows/i left to graze along sos(plural)..experience thus to next say not hi but oh..
greetings compeers any preposition attached to reflexion..shh..so fascinatin'(all un..long,..Kakhaber+Nestani..Noting Mention,#,..)"
Seth(straight) : "yeah just a mistake of assumed protection(all un..long..,Kakhaber+Nestani..The Binary Bins,#,..)"
........(back at lab)....…
Seth(smile) : “hum..how was the first ride,first date,first dinner,3 in one,metaphorical and literal Dragon Types..if not flower types that is(both laugh a lot)”
Mallow(smile, oy) : “Seth..I’m just..just soo overjoyed honey really it feels like everything that I ever has been(both smile)..”
Seth(smile, ehadi) : “my bunch is as much yours as ever as mine all for Mulu(both smile at each other)..and you need all the care you want but me first(both broadly smile)..and you’ll get it sweetie as will I privately(both laugh a lot)..(frown)..AFTER CUTTING THE BUSHES(laughs,Mallow bursts into laughter)..always,AS USUAL..(both laugh a lot)..”
Mallow( oy,smile) : “Seth,just tell me all this,you’ve shown me what soulmate really means first hand Seth..but..”
Seth(laugh) : “yeah that f.. thing(Mallow smiles)..why no f.. can touch that..(more laughter,  ehadi very firmly)..if I’ve ever truly cherished anything,it has been from my soul because you’re as if born to cherish that for absoluty no reason,like my love for Pokemons,like my love for Zed,Stash,Margin and mom,like my love for my whole family – if broken down further it can be seen I won’t be able to justify myself without my whole family or my bunch or to be honest the whole cosmos really so by logic,they are actually me and within me not outside..and I’ve ever yearned for my sweetest Mulu Flower so much,then my real Mulu is WITHIN ME ONLY,that is I’m myself Mulu..where would I go to search for her hum(smiles,Mallow broadly smiles  oy very firmly) so just destroy myself and Mulu will anyhow appear if she really is my soulmate..which is I’m Mulu myself..I am Mulu..and thus she never goes away...(smile,Looking at Mallow)..happy(laughs) soulmate ?”
Mallow(looking at Seth,smile,  oy) : “Soulmate” (both again hugs for some time) Mallow(breaking the hug,laugh) : “right but I still have to return to the gym right Seth(bursts into laughter)..” Seth(whining,holding Mallow as she holds his neck) : “yeah the advancing wisdom of senility(Mallow laughs)” Mallow(laugh) : “you can still come here..(laughs a lot)..” Seth(irritated) : “whatever,those f.. brats can d..(Mallow frowns)..just beat it why don’t we go home now?(hugs Mallow very firmly)..I want to adore my sweetie for a long long time constantly now(Mallow smiles and tenders Seth’s hairs,smile,Seth smiles and picks her up and takes her a bit far)..(frown)AWAY FROM BUSHES(Mallow bursts into laughter)..but my Dialga adds what does this moment mean to you mentally though(laugh,Mallow uncontrollably laughs)..Dialga don’t be a gambler just spin the wheel(both burst into laughter)..(smiles)..Mulu,just so many years and finally I have my soulmate in physical form in this life(both smile)..(Seth hugs Mallow very very firmly putting her on ground,Mallow smiles and hugs Seth very very firmly)..just keep laughing till you die sweetie so that I have you the reality was my determination today Mulu I’ve had seen the full palette of my different illusions and emotions with and about you and the rest through you- from the worst to the best but they’ve long been exhausted..hence if you died me to same moment with my brats Mulu you’re as much my life but in abstraction dear cause that’s who you really are just me(smiles looking at Mallow,Mallow also smiles looking at Seth and both keep ach other very firmly and continue in same pose for a few minutes)..but you know Mulu neither was it me who gave you the realizations or discernment or whatever that you may term it to be it wasn’t me neither was it the fact that I realized how much I was pushing you cause it was like killing you by myself to get you as you said at the end..whenever you feel anything think that the thing is so only as you FEEL(both uncontrollably laugh,..)..man dashing rock is another notch up you know(both laugh a lot)..and it was the handiwork of the gang reared up by the crook and led by this brat..(Rayquaza and Calydol zaps in,Claydol gives a translator to Seth and zaps out,Seth fits the translator on Mallow)” Rayquaza : < I see even after the bonhomie of subtle bodies still hanging around like utter retards now with a body that isn’t going to be of the other unlike in subtler states hence this idea to become an ideal human is ever eluding yet never precluding exact opposite to the dragons hence succeeding conceding the fact that you can’t be you and ideal at the same time unlike these..creatures > (Seth laughs a lot,Mallow uncontrollably laughs resting herself against Seth,Rayquaza zaps out,Dialga zaps in) Dialga : < I see after all the moments of approximation finally again around each other now happily both exactly which will force you two to contemplate on the same happiness wanting it to increase moment to moment thus each moment becomes only the more pungent exactly why you ask what it means to yourself but alas it was not this moment but the one before thus never simultaneous the thirst for which makes one deluded yet the same being knows that it’s only mental thus ephemeral in the same mind mentally that is..no no Dialga don't be a gambler from reflection to being so/ah you feel this then why again asking from what why aren't you so..> (Mallow uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing resting against Seth firmly,Seth hugs her firmly and laughs,Dialga zaps out,Tyranitar zaps in) Tyranitar : <this dejection of happiness Mr Mallow that you subsequently was subjected to as I’ve been seeing your mental activities for a long time now is the exact reason why look-only-at is of no use to you cause by conceiving him mentally you only wanted to share your happiness thus subjected yourself to sorrow due to the eroding level of happiness trying to fill an insentient object with your idea of sentience is the exact thing that we invited you to get rid of but you succumbed to your sanity rather Mr Mallow nothing else which became emotion to you today never available on right price you see only at sales..thus oh Mr Oak Oh My Mr Oak why did you feel i as though..> (Tyranitar zaps out,Mallow uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter  oy very firmly in much pain due to psychic charges,Seth firmly very  er laughing and continue to tender the back of her head gently)

...lost thoughts

Seth(laughing,removing Mallow’s translator) : “so you see Mulu at what level these brats are with rhymes now alias Dr Aah Or Ortizs(both un..long)..no dear it will take you quite a few times to assimilate Rayquaza the grand dragonic quiz master who will ask you how to make him a dragon cause you call him so(Mallow bursts into laughter) exactly what he was saying he will try to differentiate between subtle bodies to show you that the dragon is ever elusive hence till you lose your sanity that is your idea of being different as this while you’re in the confederation that’s the travelling gang(Mallow laughs a lot  oy) once that go you will become in-their-words elligible to customize yourself here at the lab at the cost of first Mr Skechit the delicious food where pestering methods are invented the environment and then Mr Oak the dustbin where pestering methods are finalized to be perfect hence the dustbin is used to throw away the prototypes and this you can do as a part of the mind the word with their heightened power and refusal if not – THE PAD(laughs,Mallow ucontrollbaly laughs,tears)..TRACEY TRACEY TRACEY TRACEY(both laugh a lot)..and Dillie’s life is about removing the other by means of questioning the essence of each moment that doesn’t exist if one isn’t at all but is as the reality cause one don’t change moments do hence he gets rid of the others that is himself or asks others the same only to contact your reality which is he himself cause ther’s no difference in abstract as the unchanging nature is indivisible(laughs,Mallow laughs)..yeah these brats were barely bothered despite all emotions that we went through..”
Mallow(laugh) : “man I kept reading and hearing from all here that what they can do but man what Choiced brats these are across bushes as they go by/ON-THE-FLY(both uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)..yeah till the end same attitude(both laugh)..and about the bushes still remember after Viol’s ceremony told Dase it’s just so nice to know that now you are much relieved with two of your sisters being married off to the right men soulmates ever a source of a warm closure for being the eldest of the family..so happy I’m too Ms Waterflower so happy(both burst into laughter)..Dase returned and said NO WAY I’M GETTING MARRIED IN THIS DAMN LIFE WRITE IT DOWN(all laugh)..then(laugh) Mr Oak after proposal first time met me said hi for the first time(both laugh a lot) cause now professionally you’re in personal sphere that extends professionalism in personality,thanks(both burst into laughter)..man your bros did some antics indeed you included my Mallowvious bee(smirks at Seth  im firmly,Seth giggles and keeps  ehadi tendering her)..”
Seth(giggle,same pose) : “atleast none said this no vulture can disprove(both burst into laughter)..logically though(both burst into laughter)..especially if the breed is Cerulean(both laugh a lot)..that’s DaisyDevil(both laugh a lot)..anyway Mulu do you feel your gym has any troubles now hum with the one and only TONY BOY(both laugh)..”
Mallow(laugh,same pose) : “never in a million years(both giggle and hug each other very firmly laughing)..well only Harris son walked off politely cause of VIRIZ(both burst into laughter) and hence Tony boy least with his sweetie sweetie psycho(both laugh) Tony boy said like,yeah this will be my contact bye(both laugh)..man he and Oliv are something ever(both laugh)..and no with these sort of brats man the pests and all those that were there is just going to be thrown into utmost hell(both laugh)”
Seth(laugh) : “anyway,you came at 8:00 sharp now it’s 23 sharp the sweet number with 15 in-between(both giggle)”
Mallow(smile) : “Seth, I don’t know how you managed to be mine despite you not doing anything at all like..”
Seth(smile) : “giving an insignificant bunch of garbage called a flower bouquet to dry up next hour to the eternal ever-sweetest flower of my soul who is all of my soul?..”Never in a million years”..TWICE on SAME day hum(both smile ach other firmly)..OH IT’S A JACKAL!. IT’S A BUSH RETURNED JACKAL!(uncontrollably laughs,Mallow UNCONTROLLABLY laughs in tears and fits of laughter)..man even a brat like Dr Fox fled the scene such calamitous we were then Mulu(both laugh a lot ach other)..how I wished that very day I could understand myself and tell you that I’m only you(both hug each other very firmly smiling at each other)..we knew everything ever Mulu as we know just the formalities I wish I would do earlier cause you being you would’ve had far easier life dear(both laugh)..and no I didn’t notice anything either from you not even on 29th August that day sweetie,you and me it’s just that anything else is unreal absolutely like saying I’m not living this life,I’m dead right now and so on exactly what my rocket pals thought when they were told we’ve broke up you know first up said that just b..s.. you’re either dying with her memories or marrying her same attitude as my big sis..we don’t have to get physical,mental,sentimental anything-naturally we’re as we both agreed, ‘same thing wanting to enjoy own self from two different bodies’..”
Mallow( oy,smile) : “what if we both were boys or girls”…
Seth(broad smile, ehadi very firmly) : “we wouldn’t anything but husband and wife” Mallow(smile) : “this actually is your real strength isn’t it since day one even in those nights at Kitesky? Abundant faith?” Seth(smile) : “pure logic(both broadly smiles) cause(laugh) that’s precluding but not eluding as a pure dragon(both laugh) that is you can’t be you unless me Kitesky nights itself hum Mulu flower(giggle,Mallow smiles and hugs Seth very firmly)..my strength only is that I’m just my sweet Mulu flower( ehadi very firmly,Mallow also hugs Seth very firmly and both smile at each other)..that’s just you and you know thus but yeah may be a bit more radical..” Mallow(laugh) : “yeah today too emotional Seth you’re surely cause the answer is(both laugh a lot)..” Seth(laughing a lot) : “no you do the honours all just illusion hum(smiles)..” Mallow(laugh) : “countering hum(both giggle in same pose)..DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST REASON THIS IDEA OF BILL/THAT IT SUMMARIZES EVERYTHING THAT’S PAST AS AT PRESENT FUTURE IS JUST THAT FEEL(both uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..man even dashing crook has been serious for too long now all just for this moment when these brats again grasp his sanity(both laugh a lot)..but(laughing a lot)..I still want to be a wise Gym Leader hum honey..” Seth(smile) : “of course you would be just like Gyarados but now her consultants having a few degrees in mind these terms academic tickling(laugh,Mallow uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter)..yeah that’s their words today itself you’ll get the most outrageous two of my bunch Gengar and Sableye the tickle masters(laugh,Mallow laughs a lot)..no sweetie you’ve been drained out of your vitality in that place just cause you’re so sweet naturally but just wait till these brats steps in with challenger lulling techniques like I see you’ve come here to battle cause you can battle as you say I can be/but if I question you that how have you become so you will just show how to be what you call as me(laugh,Mallow uncontrollably laughs)..that’s the brat Rayquaza again,this was said under the cover itself(both laugh)..hence you can only make him as yourself hence invincible all time the ideal elusive dragon the heart of all never eluding ever precluding unless deluding(laughs,Mallow laughs and claps)..man these brats are something..I used 205 directly upon your nerves just to get rid of the middle of the number and then metaphorically extend it(both giggle ach other firmly)..Whimsi was with Bulby assisting him,Daunty wasn’t used and this brat was the overall reviewer I hardly know what they did except the innermost circle of 10 and what Baylie and Bulby were doing with Sceptile(both laugh a lot) was especially indispensable today wasn’t she Mulu(both laugh)..this pest Quizzy knows the whole process and it’s cause of his nature you have to be perfect to be elusive thus only you,me and they survived with all the emotions Mulu,Chansbert met me innumerable times under the cover my brats too each time had to get closer to become WOKEN the elusive dragon the heart of all as the brat say(laughs,Mallow broadly smiles at Seth  im firmly)..anyway,shouldn’t we go home now dear(laugh)?” Mallow( oy,smile,looking into Seth’s eyes) : “where’s the rush Seth-boy,hum?” Seth(laugh) : “Mr Ketchum, ‘MAM!(both burst into laughter)..I said this very first day and then my eternal wife slaps me,’hum,attitude?’..(both burst into laughter then Seth hugs Mallow very firmly smiling and looking into her eyes,Mallow also  oy very firmly looking into Seth’s eyes smiling) my sweet Mulu flower..(both keeps ach other smiling for a few moments)..rush cause (frown) we’re surrounded by bushes that observe AND REMEMBER(Mallow bursts into laughter)..and um no Mulu,I don’t want to face them today..” Mallow(bit concerned) : “Seth,you do owe them big time but(smile) hey all will be well I’m with you now,ok..” Seth(smile) : “I would’ve had you then as well wouldn’t I,Mulu?” Mallow(a bit surprized) : “yeah..(smile)..yeah you would’ve,I can’t forget you no matter how low you stoop to or how high you reach to Seth..you’re just me(both broad smile at each other).. you’ve got me all the way,ever but Seth you yourself are talking of the elusive dragon just calm down dear we’re not without them and all either..” Seth(smile,few minutes later, ehadi very firmly) : “right,that’s why I took my chance,Mulu..I knew my sweetie was all mine eternally as usual..anyone else,would’ve died right there in that f.. gym not my burden if a former with whom I’ve had absolutely 0 contact for 5 years the same with our other confidents and mutual friends so now all strangers and thus not my responsibility is a stranger that can’t get a beau..(smile)..( ehadi very firmly and smiling at her,Mallow also smiles at Seth)..sweetie,I saw your face when you thought this all was to cut you off finally cause of my new girlfriend(Mallow hugs Seth very firmly smiling,Seth smiles)..see forever you’re like this Seth..the first moment you uttered that word so much tears..Mulu,I also know you by ‘Mulu’ ever,hum?(Seth smiles at Mallow,Mallow smiles)..all I needed to say yes for my girlfriend stop crying and get a mirror and you would’ve hugged me to death(both smile at each other)..you’re my eternal boyfriend,girlfriend,best friend all friends new,old,you’re my husband,wife,everything is you Mulu if but whenever we’re two..if not absolutely and happily single throughout life cause you’re in so no need all already fulfilled(both hugs each other firmly smiling at each other)..just and only my sweet soul my Mallow(same pose,Mallow smiles at him,Seth broadly smile)..just to show you what you are to me ever Mulu..so,so much more than any words and ideas..that’s all..all my 5 years in front of you sweetie,so just you now,my sweet Mallow..(both hugs each other very firmly for a few minutes)..(laughing) but you still can’t get over the fact that how can this be but neither could I when I first realized but I just realized it we don’t have to put any effort to be together,but you know this is beyond just this body and mental stuff and then only is it real fun thats why its what it is-a matter of one soul in two separate bodies,not discrete at all.( ehadi)Mulu,I can’t describe soul in words,if I try as I showed I’ll make it impure and I don’t want to lose you again in the physical form either”(both hug each other very firmly) Mallow(smile,hug) : “You never did Seth,you never did,one soul one body” (both hug each other for sometime smiling) Seth(smile) : “ok Mulu,it’s 23:15 exactly 15 hours plus 15 minutes(both giggle)..let’s go then hum(both giggle again ach other firmly)..cause yeah as you said all are us as well so LET’S . MARCH ON UNTO THE BUSHES(both burst into laughter)..let’s go but yeah Mulu surely I know what I was telling Drew the Shrew who Spew sorry May those foods were a bit spicey sorry but I didn’t tell you hum(both brust into laughter)..and then surely I had to do what I did myself included cause you see privately we can’t have this attitude of physically discomforting each other excusing emotions(both burst into laughter)”
.....
Mallow(concerned) : “Seth,it was a bit too much..” Seth(smile) : “Mulu,if they’ve known me,I’ll be the Seth that first came here 40 years and 5 months back first time on Zed’s lap who was 5.83(both laugh)..straight went to Medichams(both laugh) and that’s just like my sweet Mulu did no matter what(Seth hugs Mallow firmly smiling at her,Mallow also hugs Seth firmly and smiles at him)..my only pain now is that Chansbert had to be involved dear you’re physical pain was unbearable even to me so I did realize it but just knew you won’t leave me this term without the realization if you did after that I would’ve done the same with my bunch I didn’t have anything else left to be done no matter if they accused me so be it it wouldn’t have mattered to me cause eventuality would’ve shone upon them and it wasn’t a police case ever cause you came here as a hall of famer number one number two completely on your own will despite the whole world knowing everything and all..those who would’ve accused me were committing a bigger crime by not calling the general government in after I had put up the guard wall..your Gyarados and Jellicent would’ve went with us the rest were the ones for who I feel bad that’s all Mulu..( ehadi firmly,Mallow hugs Seth very firmly)..no dear(laugh)..these were my thoughts not my big bros so don’t worry(laughs,Mallow same pose smiles with little tears,Seth wipes her tears off)..no,not after everything again sweetie not today no..this is why this brat Arnie was kept here to prevent that..then Kimmie would’ve prevented all from the lab and Mippie was on Professor whole time now out..with Arnie it would’ve been impossible to apprise my bunch..so mine just would’ve dozed you off no more(laughs,Mallow smiles in same pose)..anyway,temporal scales are irreversible from a point of view within them thus don’t bother come along” Mallow(smile) : “soully(both smile at each other as they walk side by side with their arms around each other, ach other )”
...........
(a bit later sitting down)
Seth(smile) : “it’s ok honey you’re too weak sit here as long as you want or we can go to the cabin doesn’t matter they are handled anyway by Stashey or Margin..”
Mallow(resting on Seth,laughing) : “so till the papers are signed I won’t be seen in public hum(both laugh)..”
Seth(laughing) : “cause if you go in a crowd you always can understand that there are specific movements from them in bunches exactly why bushes are ever said to be spread across hence never dense enough(both burst into laughter)..by the way the complain you had that how can he not knock the door repeatedly(both giggle)..is just the outrage against sanity by Lillie flower(laughs)..HEY!OH KETCHUM KETCHUM SAY!/NO KETHCUM DON’T YOU PLAY!/THAT IF YOU WANT A THING TO BE SO THUS THIS YET SAY IT’S SO CAUSE THAT IS NAY!/THEN KETCHUM SHOW A FLOWER BOUQUET!/NO KETCHUM DON’T YOU PLAY!/OH KETCHUM KETCHUM SAY!(both uncontrollably laugh,tear,fits of laughter)..so that is what it actually was hence Bonnie and all were viciously supported exactly why the word vicious can go with the idea of support like Lillie flower(both laugh a lot)..man at Unova and Kalos the things Lillie flower did is just another world you know no wonder she didn’t know anything as it’s impossible unless she didn’t(both laugh a lot)..besides Dr Oak was played as a double way pawn hence only Lillie flower sat on your head it’s schoolgirls stuff(both laugh a lot)..and yes the unanimous yeah this too was 6 way unanimous including Blithie(both laugh a lot) so the unanimous understanding of your antics were exactly in this form as Stashey spoke for them(laughs a lot,Mallow too laughs),DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST LEASE THE MENTAL LAND/WHEN YOU ARE SIGNING THE AUTHORIZATIONS UNDERSTAND YOU NO MORE CLEAR THE SAND(both uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..man no wonder Viol flower is that lunatic from the word go(both laugh a lot)..just hit it with that Dashing BAND(both laugh a lot)..”
.....(15 minutes later,23:45)…
Tracey(cough,didn’t see Seth) : “Um..Mallow,sorry but the routine check-up...” Mallow(smile) : “oh!hi Trace..it’s just..”
Seth(laugh) : “Mr. Playboy Ketchum here(Mallow frowns at Seth).sorry if you have any resentment that I’m with my wife yeah you heard right but that’s way later now how was your trip,Mr Skechit(Mallow frowns at Seth)?”
Tracey(bit flustered seeing Seth) : “um..Mr. Ketchum..um..yeah(frown)..great trip..indeed a great trip(Seth laughs)..Mallow,I’m really so happy,but..”
Mallow(frown) : “what was that Trace? And(frowning at Seth and then again at Tracey) why are are you two calling by surnames still?”
Tracey(solemn) : “no I’m very happy for you Mallow,very happy that atleast you’re smiling finally..I should leave,sorry for interrupting..(about to go away)”
Seth(laugh) : “Mulu,he wants to inform all at once that Mr Ketchum definitely is what he is as with you again now to cheat on you as now finally he has hands on proof thus this rush across the bushes ever(bursts into laughter)..”
Mallow(frown,scowl,bit high voice) : “Seth! Are you out of your mind? He’s our..” Seth(laugh, ehadi) : “before the last 5 currently only Dr or Mr Skechit cause I’m Mr Ketchum only isn’t it Mr Skechit..use and (breaks hug) throw(burst into laughter)..” Mallow(angry,shout,standing up facing Seth) : “Seth!shut up!what..” Tracey(scowl) : “No Mallow,it’s ok,I got this calm down it’s ok(Mallow frowns at Tracey).Mr Ketchum,I’m extremely sorry to interrupt your personal moment but I’m just pointing out that this isn’t your private area or your private lab owned by you..” Mallow(frown) : “Trace,wha..” Seth(solemn,stops Mallow and makes her sit forcefully) : “please,Mulu,it’s ok,you’re not alright yet sit down(Tracey frowns)..(laughs)..it’s called stages of a.. Trace why would this one be left over after 24 and half years hum(bursts into laughter,pokemons has ceased both Tracey and Mallow)..anyway,he’s talking about my contract here Mulu the rest is just the basic language decorated by his mask of politeness,I got this,it’s alright.Mr Skechit I know what is private to me what isn’t,I’m only extremely sorry that I couldn’t keep my emotions checked but you see,I’m not at all bothered anymore about that.the privacy has done it’s job Mr Skechit,it’s no more needed at all and neither is what you were told,neither is that.you now can realize whether I meant it or not that day,if you can then you also can realize why you were barred from here today..or even if you don’t I don’t give a damn Mr Skechit let this be a b.. I don’t bother about s.. rather c.. just that..anyhow I’m only happy for your persistence per precise perceptions Mr Skechit I’m only happy for your absence today as well cause given your personality it would’ve been hard for me to restrain my bunch from throwing you off literally your bro here couldn’t control everything and he would’ve lost it too hence interrupted my process had you argued and no Kimmie being present here would’ve meant he could’ve done something to all of you too forcefully too thus also interrupting my process so I’m just happy for all just that and your wife and your future and no I don’t have to do that without marrying Ms Mallow Waterflower cause I’ve too much money for only one or two or two million just that..and besides even if not I still have enough money or s.. left Mr Skechit to bother about specifications hence what I said would remain so and even if there’s no physique in my case it will still be so cause mind is defined as the processor of uncertain hence they become certain because a processor can’t be deemed vague if it has to work upon the vague to distinguish the two..thanks..” Tracey(flustered) : “Seth..it’s..”
Seth(getting up,standing,solemn) : “Mr. Oak it is when an illusion breaks it has no more value to the reality..and no,don’t worry,my contract will expire within 5 weeks,don’t worry hence my supreme ownership of the whole lab too including the writing and lectures and the control over human movements and so on including my physical actions and so on no don’t worry Mr Skechit you won’t be subject to or related to them don’t worry Ms Mallow Waterflower is above 19 thus it’s her own will and if still you’ve doubts over my actions you’re free to nod to terminate my bunch cancel my license and so on it barely matters to me Mr Skechit including Ms Mallow Waterflower as much as it mattered to me when I went to get different pokemons in my first year 23 long years back same way as you were the eye witness when my twin did but I can tell you I have not even that much interest in her psychophysical well being no not at all but she came here all alone in a very poor state thus I did what I could and she will be better after 3 days starting from tomorrow after that if she wants to leave me or taken away it won’t matter one bit to me and not to her either Mr Skechit she knows it more than me but(straight)..just don’t kill her physically too to relieve her of her mind cause first it’s the opposite you know and secondly because you see I haven’t..(gets up)..it’s alright Mulu,no worries. You can come later on any of my buddies but you would sit exactly here and talk..(Marshadow and Banette becomes visible)..nothing else..but lastly Mr Skechit don’t try to be clever with my wife this is a stern warning in basic language mind it(Tracey beams as if understanding something suddenly)..nothing else is my demand Mulu you just don’t take and pressure upon you and the rest my buddies know..I’m only going to my cabin,have a chat,he hasn’t seen you in months and was very worried of your well-being,please be kind..”
Mallow(solemn,standing up) : “Seth you said yourself I’m your other half hence you won’t leave either no matter your bunch and you won’t insult me infront of..”
Tracey(laugh) : “dredges of bushes(laughs a lot,Mallow frowns at him then at Seth,Seth looks on straight)..Mallow just leave it I got it that it rhymes(laughs a lot)..”
Mallow(frowns at Tracey and then Seth) : “Trace,what’s wrong?Seth,why are you calling him by surname all time,what have you..(tries to go to Tracey to check him,Seth doesn’t allow her)..Seth what are you..”
Tracey(laughs) : “No,Mulu,it’s ok it’s no insult honey I’ve seen far far worse of your hubby brat nothing was left unturned till now and beyond(laughs a lot)..I don’t want to disturb you two by trying him after 22 long years once more at the crossroads of bushes(laughs a lot)..”
Seth( ehadi very firmly,solemn) : “come on here,Mulu you’re yet to recover fully..no they aren’t on you sweetie and won’t till they discern the right time they know many things..and no dear I’ve had to say what I did cause he’s your eldest bro-in-law thus is too interested in saving his own back from a deranged madcap like you nothing else his words in the last 3 months atleast..he’s alright more than that,it’s just a quote and the approach to use it..don’t worry..”
Tracey(laugh) :”quote ’persistence per precise perceptions”..5 years..’if you have some perceptions about a Snorlax but the Snorlax isn’t showing it your perception should be persisted with and the rate of which shall always increase’..like a deranged madcap alias lunatic Gyarados(laughs a lot)..and yeah deranged madcap by all means the other side too(laughs,Mallow frowns and Seth scowls,laughs even more)..man just beat it you two(laughs)..and Mallow what he said is not to try him as usual across bushes especially as usual warning me that these two brats knows the right moment to present a question in nervous channels that will proportionately agitate you in the order varies according to your agitation recursively..(laughs a lot,Seth laughs a lot too finally saying Daisypedo precision Trace,precision rhyming with any corporate-tycoon Medicham,both burst into laughter,Mallow all flustered)..this is a f.. brat of a baby pro as ever in or out of illusion(both laugh)..I’ve not sweared like in 30 years Seth-boy(Seth laughs saying thus only could spew that look sweetie no matter you or me gentleness is all conquering thus won’t you wait longer for your beau,laughs)..just what to say wait(both laugh)..that no we’ve had our illusion over the gross no matter including Mallow herself but I’m sure she has realized as just I’ve that it’s impossible to ask a random stranger about the existence of illusion in her by confirming that you’re not her both in gross and in mind as it appears to her thoughts as according to her age of thoughts(both laugh a lot)..that surely your Hoopa was attending the class as was Noivern to enlighten you upon the ongoing lecture of bro vs friend differentiation but not wife vs best friend(both laugh)..you have your flower for full 24 years this terms and I’m so happy for last 5 only(both smile)..but(laugh and smile)..but,you may know about a certain picture which someone had and mind the tense has(both laugh),and which is visibly adored too much AGAIN AND AGAIN EACH DAY(both bursts into laughter,Mallow frowns at Tracey)this is gonna be far better against the shining moon with the impending one(both laugh),given her Gyarados doesn’t eat me up(both laugh)”
Mallow(frowns) : “I would Trace(Seth and Tracey laugh)..hey,what is..” Seth(laugh, ehadi very firmly and picking her up from ground) : “just Mulu flower!..(shout)..got your poses you buffoon ever the same the words were the reason why told you DON’T ENCOURAGE HER TO LOOK AT MIRRORS LEARNING FROM OTHERS(both bursts into laughter)..” Mallow(bit irritated,trying to wriggle away from Seth) : “Seth..” Seth(covering Mallow’s mouth and  er) : “hum,attitude(bursts into laughter,Tracey laughs as well,Mallow bit irritated)?what’s the rush now Ms Mallow Waterflower officially former hum?(Tracey laughs)just stay..besides Mr Skechit they know many circles surrounding me since Unovan beauty thus don’t cross me(both laugh a lot) anyway,I wish I could help you Trace but you see I’m abducted by this so so sweetly ponytailed Gyarados but today isn’t ponytailed hence only is too much fondled..(both laugh)..” Mallow(removing Seth’s palms off from her mouth and trying to break the hug and turning towards Tracey,frown) : “what’s so amusing to you Trace that I’m with my husband..Seth..st..(Seth tries to hug Mallow back,Tracey laughs)” Seth(laugh, ehadi back and covering her mouth) : “(bit high pitch in Mallow’s ears)attitude!(Tracey laughs,laughs to Tracey)see Trace,still screeching at both,destroying the pose,stammering the relation just like Gyarados(both laugh)” Mallow(frown,trying to wriggle away from Seth) : “soulmate(both laugh)..Seth,stop this..(Seth again hugs Mallow back very firmly and then again picks her up from the ground)” Tracey(going away) : “all is private now Mr Ketchum,don’t worry if you ever were since Pasio break itself if not your inception itself(both laugh) and also about the umpteenth poses(both laugh,Mallow frowns,bit irritated,both laugh even more) and congratulations for becoming non-psychophysical again officially too..oops,my bad!(both Seth and Tracey laugh)..” Mallow(irritated) : “Trace..”
Seth(laugh) : “Mulu!Mulu!you’re so sweetie..(laugh)” Mallow(whinning and  oy,on the ground) : “excuse,excuse,excuse,even outside the Gym,what kind of boneheads feed Hoot-Hoots at night,you were right Seth,on one account only that we should’ve been home but you’re Pokemons only are here for too much humanity nothing else(Seth bursts into laughter)these little brats aren’t even going to allow me a solitary moment with my husband(smile and  oy more firmly),well he’s right about that one hum OFFICIALLY(giggling at Seth,Seth smiles)” Seth(smile) : “sweetie..(both hug each other very firmly smiling)..(picking Mallow up)..but yeah,I would hate to say it Mulu,but now you should be the one to release me from your arms otherwise it’ll be delayed..(both laugh)..” Mallow(smile, oy) : “I wont..and( oy’s necks)..hum,Seth-Boy,a stone is still important then,isn’t it?or is it Morality?(both laugh)...” Seth(laugh): “in ethical honesty of due morality in honesty of enthics ingrained in the morality concerning ethicas that is one of the issues of morality but never the only in ethics all that I said hey am I being a Guzzlord ethical(both burst into laughter)..just the beginning Mulu no way you can be serious with these brats as you said(both laugh)..besides you had master brats available even Discuss-Gap hence Lillie flower hardly bothered about anything else till those substances(both laugh..lot) but about your sweet question..(smile and hug)..all the above but only and only Mallowviously(giggle and Mallow smirks),but I guess what treatment poor Tracey Gets or I get,I even related Professor Oak of all people with certain people..really I need your help on this Mulu” Mallow(bit dissapointed) : “No Seth,you’ve gone too far,anyhow don’t bother you have a team(smile, oy firmly)” Seth(smile,and  ehadi very firmly) : “and my eternally sweet best friend,much Appreciated(both giggle),by-the-way what are your demands now I mean I owe you big time now with my position and so on..” Mallow(smile) : “You know what I want Seth..” Seth(smile) : “Ah,Mulu,that’s like a part of the body,you tell me about dates,dances,lakes and so on whatever I told you..second date that is in all due honesty of ethical morality(both bursts into laughter)..,just want peace and quite with you ALONE(both laugh) thus never lone just without recorders(both laugh a lot)..I’ve to tell you so many things in details,it’ll take years..” Mallow(smile) : “why don’t you start with going back to the GoDF?” Seth(laugh) : “just a trick to deflect attention from my Mallowvious activities(both laugh)”
Mallow(tendering Seth’s cheeks,smirk) : “Mallowvious hum..(both giggle at each other and then hug each other very firmly smiling)”
Seth(smile) : “just this sweet giggling of yours is all me dear just my Mallow(both smile at each other ach other very firmly,few moments later) but(whining) I’ll still trash talk them unless they stop speculating about my sweet flower’s re-entry there at hall of fame and lessen the pressure from upon her-my sweet Mulu flower will be beaming and bouncing all the time(hugs Mallow very firmly,Mallow smiles at Seth tendering his cheeks)...”
Mallow(smile,tendering Seth’s cheeks and head) : “Seth let them take their time,don’t mingle in those official matters dear,you’ve already become too rough and harsh for you sweetness at Elite4 then Accumula for all those years no matter and things have indeed taken it’s huge toll on you too why don’t you forget about this farm and all that and come with me take a rest in the Gym?”
Seth(grim face) : “and you’ll leave me from 8:20-5:30 for gym battles for godforsaken brats..” Mallow(laugh) : “remembering yourself?”
Seth(scowl) : “hey I was never anything but look-only-at(laugh)..” Mallow(laugh) : “still wanna fight Mulu ONLY in water cups hum(both giggle)?”
Seth(smile) : “soully and all the time in all the places..(both hug for a few moments smiling)..without Feraligator and Crawdaunt too(both laugh)..”
Mallow(bit concerned) : “anyhow Seth,you seriously need rest..” Seth(laugh) : “cause I want to be happy,thus now I’m not happy(both burst into laughter) thus you see to be happy you must be not this unhappy(both burst into laughter) thus Yveltal says,shouldn’t you be happy(both laugh)..brace yourself all didn’t jump you with translators on(both laugh)..all the damn psychics in total could do what they did just cause of this you know(both laugh)..that is NO!IT’S INHUMAN!(both laugh)..man we were was in our 2nd league and there as a champ me was a real threat of impeachment(both laugh)..but( ehadi back and smile,picking her up,Mallow smiles and hugs Seth)..about the rest just Pasio with Mulu flower and nowhere else,in a rather secluded island but not without the Clinical Ones why go otherwise they'd say(both burst..)-3 months would do Mulu,right?..OH MY SKECHIT MR I HEAR YOU MENTALLY WHISPER/SELF TO SELF TICKLING OR IS EXISTENCE INDEED SO CONSCIOUSLY SINISTER(both un..)..man that rhyme from Gullu of all utmost brats(both laugh..lot)..all cause Trace said don't swim so much you're hurt(both burst..)”
Mallow(smile,tendering Seth’s hairs) : “1 week would barely-that much for a double facility CoE gym no matter what Simon may say given I’m only holidaying and that too after this one and given everything else now at associated..”
Seth(smile,same pose) : “and I being who I’m now with all behind me including holding sway over so many hall of fame gyms,cup and contest organization groups,grand conferences since 10 for 32 years now after my own special entry along with Accumula days of wholistic sway over the whole profession inclusing related outside ones especially can’t serve my class of eminence wife for 3 more by forcing them to extend it turning the accusations on the accuser themselves that I’m an expert at since 4.5 itself not 10 as my dear big sis disdainfully reminds me of if properly pestered that is all time(both laugh)..?”
Mallow(smile,tendering Seth’s hair) : “ I want that to extend upto eternity Seth( oy very firmly smiling at him,on ground,Seth also smiles at Mallow  er very firmly,then they both hug eachother very firmly,few moments later) but(laugh) why don’t we do it inside the gym keeping it shut down let Malcolm manage it at the Ocean(both laugh)..”
Seth(laugh) : “then they will say young flower dream has become old scowling wife..(both bursts into laughter and keeps ach other for a few more moments)..about 4.5,where are they gonna stay,places unless they ask may..expectation look Phantom(both un..)..and still they said it was a better edition(both burst..)..but yeah Ms Waterflower don’t forget you’re still suspended and have no home(both laugh)..how about that hum only surnames hum you're a stranger..(both giggle)..papers will be ready by day after tomorrow and your suspension isn't going to lift at all for an indefinite time(giggles,Mallow smirks at him)..let's go then”
Mallow(smiling and stroking Seth’s cheeks) : “yes dear let’s go.”
Seth(laugh) : "oh yeah forgot it our match at the gym was observed second time when the summary of 24 years and almost 6 more months was,DIALGA DON'T BE GAMBLER JUST SEE THIS RIGHT NOW/AS YOU SEE THIS YOU FEEL IT TO BE THAT,THUS FEEL THE FEELINGS HOW ENDOW(both un..,..DASHING ROCK,both laugh..lot)..Blithie went there first up,hallow Mrs Ketchum did you feel relieved today or cautioned of that feeling(both un..)..man Blithie said i was hardly presentable after each question like DASHING DASHING ROCK..(both laugh..lot)"
.......(in the lab,23:40)...…
(Gary,Lillie,Daisy,Professor Oak,Leah,Tracey) Seth(from far,didn’t see Torrie) : “this looks sinister captain,sorry for the wrong turn” Mallow(smiling) : “bother not crew,captain to rescue(both smile)”
...........(23:42)................
(Torrie,Tracey,Daisy,Gary,Lillie,Professor Oak,Benjamin,Lucent,Gordon,Albert,Felix,Glenn,Igor,Celestia,Aurora,Ela,Questa,Potentia,Scintilla,Tranquila,Zeta,Arjen,Ariel,Zenith,Tempest)
Torrie(grave) : “Seth,we need to talk”
Seth(pleading) : “Mom,not in front of Mulu..”
Torrie(shout) : “What did you tell Professor?”
Seth(bit dissapointed) : “.um,just a sec,(whisper to Mallow..”Mulu,you better leave manage your sisters later not now Mulu,please,I’ll lose it again if they drag you at this condition of your health and their own situation especially Daisy please listen to me..(Mallow frowns at Seth and doesn’t budge),mom please look I’ve just married Mulu so..” Lillie(scearm,cries,hugs Mallow) : “married?huh?!?..what do mean you..(chokes)..”
Seth(solemn) : “I didn’t have any rings with me nor the designated papers so can’t show you that right now anyway it’s been done and will be done day within 3 days..”
Lillie(seeing Mallow’s treatment signs,she was given many injections and else,tears,scream) : “what are these?..Mulu..Ketchum you..”
(Daisy curious,rest knows)
Seth(solemn) : “to get rid of the poison of 6 months of rampant substance abuse that you know never gave those up till the particular Ketchum forced her..”
Aurora(very angry) : “yeah particular indeed..what is the assurance that..” Seth(frown) : “Aurie don’t behave like a retard that can’t recognize action beyond emotion..(Ela controls Aurora)..(laughs)..don’t bother Ellie not even Gary is sound enough today to confront me and don’t try your physical prowess upon me any of you it will have very dire consequences cause my bunch too knows you extremely well and has picked up your mental ineptitude too much today hence is always around don’t try that..” Lucent(dissapointed) : “Mr Ketchum look I understand everything but you were with sis and weren’t in Pasio..in the end they could’ve just..” Seth(laugh) : “left me for which your bunch didn’t leave you didn’t they Centy..(laughs)” Celestia(frown) : “bro I guess you want to hear this address still from us..” Seth(laugh) : “that has ever been your wish no participation from my part I recall do I Jitters(laughs)” Zeta(angry,scream) : “yeah indeed when your..(Seth laughs,pokemons choke Zeta)..” Seth(laugh) : “grand day indeed for me isn’t it Sintu(laugh)..” Scintilla(frown) : “I don’t believe a random stranger could be allowed to call me that especially that he’s not of my form..(Seth laughs)..” Seth(laugh) : “sure enough Sintu sure enough but what are your bros saying Tempie..” Tempest(solemn) : “I don’t believe you got out of the gross Seth no matter what..else there’s no reason to do the things you did in those 7 days..” Benjamin(solemn) : “and that’s why I’m with my sisters here that you can’t be trusted..” Seth(laugh) : “may be but what can you do about it if I doze all off and VANISH(laughs)..surely Ben and assuredly Tempie I didn’t and won’t get out of the gross cause afterall it’s a matter of flesh and blood isn’t it..” Questa(shivering voice) : “yeah still you could say this to..(cries)..” Seth(laughs) : “too much bonhomie even at this age Quittie certainly Trace your teacheing lacks patience(laughs)..” Ela(solemn) : “bro look we on hand are realizing extremely well whom you want to talk whom you don’t and no we know the balance but it’s about the repetition that we’re talking about” Seth(very angry) : “repetition is what you brats should be doing that is to leave my wife alone as you were used to the treatments were necessary else..(controls himself)..mom please allow me..(Rayquaza blinks and then zaps Mallow and Torrie out)..your mental capasity is as usual blunt Ellie and even more so today Tunkie whose side are you on(laugh)..” Tranquila(grave) : “I wish my bro never asked me this” Seth(laugh) : “can you surpass the eloquence Putu of the genious(laughs)..” Potentia(frown) : “your bunch will themselves why would we even matter to you bro isn’t it” Seth(laugh) : “ofcourse especially given it’s just a word in reality you’re as much a stranger to me as anyone..but Arrie what’s your defence against these idiots..” Ariel(solemn) : “bro please calm down none of are against you we’re just unsure of your..” Igor(extremely angry) : “motives since you broke-in..” Seth(frown) : “I see Daisy it’s an insult to your daughters the most to as is to Lillie who won’t talk cause isn’t matured enough but you will with proper language the breach of this order will bring consequences which you know best proceed” Daisy(extremely angry) : “in a game of Snooker..(Seth laughs)” Seth(laugh) : “scintillating indeed(laughs)..not for nothing your names so proper Sintu both the insinuation the real name by all means not for nothing..(laughs)..so yeah Zennie continue your story..” Zenith(sigh) : “bro just tell me what was the necessity of today’s guard to not allow Gary in atleast for your own safety and nothing more tell me this and I’ll be off..” Seth(laugh) : “well I have a great feeling that Tempie can elaborate it(laughs a lot)..” Tempest(angry) : “Seth don’t try me alright we can pass a certain resolution mind that..” Seth(laugh) : “stupendous Tempie stupendous..so the others who are the God’s chosen rule makers Ben what’s your vote..” Benjamin(frown) : “well it never matters does it Seth about the specifications irrespective of planes when you have stayed to execute today despite having appeased so many..” Seth(frown) : “I see Ben your and Tempie’s faculties look the most down..anyway,Aju what’s this all about..” Arjen(sigh) : “bro please just talk with Gary this is only..” Seth(bursts into laughter) : “incredible..so Glennie indeed I’m the one coming in-between you and your bro..(laughs)..” Glenn(sigh) : “bro you don’t need to do these you know that just tell us what happened to sis and that she’s getting better and will get back soon that’s all..” Seth(laugh) : “well she won’t be alone I guess(laughs a lot)..” Gordon(firmly) : “bro don’t make a mess out of..” Seth(laugh) : “you can do nothing about it Giddy atleast you’re more seasoned as a backstabber than these brats who are insinuating what repeatedly infront of their sisters and Daisy and Lillie is not undecipherable..what was your exact problem in doing what you now want during the situation in those 7 days as no Elite4s had a trouble with it Giddy surely you’re cunning enough to extract informations so I can’t help you on this,Allie what are you telling yourself now..” Albert(sigh) : “bro please calm down they just can’t get over those 7 days and no none of us could extract infoes cause none could prove that you..” Seth(laughs) : “are unstable(laughs)..so see Tempie I give you a way to terminate my bunch and my dictatorship from pokemon world as well thus getting Ms Mallow Waterflower to remain as that nothing’s still official..Mippie enough I’m telling you I’m in control..(Arcanine and Kommo-O zaps in and respectively are on Lillie and Daisy,Mesprit keeps on Seth unperturbed of his other wish)..(laugh)..man you shouldn’t have been a pokemon Mippie definitely not then not now never(laughs)..so Daisy mind this fact that it’s not official yet or as I was saying thus proving me unstable can in entailment just force Mrs Mallow Waterflower Ketchum out of profession mind this one too Daisy..that thus if she decides this later resolution is more suited to her then who is pushing whom to the world that had created the problem for all of you to start with and it has to do all with your own infirmity Daisy note this as well..yeah Trace you can but don’t try to talk..(Tracey tries to scream but can’t as pokemons cease him)..you won’t great..so no there’s no reason to hold back now cause all the rest knows everything anyway..(laughs)..see Mippie I’m you to help yourself DON’T PUSH ME..(Mesprit remains unperturbed)..(bit angry)..I see you want games then folks long time no see then fine(frown)..all you b.. present here now mark this stuff for your proof of my sanity..so as I was saying..yeah I can as you see you brats and not one damn brat out of you can do a thing about it no Chu is on me the whole world of you may be on me but you can’t help it..you(Mallow is zapped in by Seth’s Rayquaza,she comes and hugs Seth firmly very concerned,laugh)..no Quizzy I appreciate your intelligence but please do as I say unless you want to see all sides lost and no I don’t care about them unless they listen cause they’re overriding themselves I’m telling you THE LAST TIME Mippie get off or else it won’t be good I have to live another day for her..yeah exactly Quizzy why we don’t need each other you know it more than me don’t you..(laughs,talks but with his hands clutching his head in great agony,Rayquaza surrounds him visibly looking at him straight)..no it’s ok Mulu(laugh)..it’s alright..no none can stop me unless Zed and he isn’t here simple(laughs)..so..this is for your proof of my mental sanity..(scream,patting Rayquaza)..GET THE HELL OUT OF ME!..(calms down after a few minutes all sets back to as he wishes,Rayquaza becomes invisible)..till this moment all were dozed off including Mallow now they’re back to full cognition)..right don’t push me I warn you..sorry..no it’s ok compeers I won’t be here either..(Mallow is zapped back,after a few more minutes)..so anyway as I was saying you see floks this b.. Daisy and her younger b.. Lillie present here certainly could’ve informed the Elite4 when it was the right time which to them was just nothing to be worried of despite them themselves realizing that they’re losing it cause they were inspecting weren’t they(laugh)..and Lillie was at Unova and Kalos hands-on(laughs a lot)..then anyway from that day to this including their baby sis until today is all cause of only that nothing else..hence Allie what you were trying to say is entirely their trouble not mine neither my wife’s..(firmly)..I won’t hear any more of insinuations cause Gary knows the consequence I don’t have a trouble I’ve lived in the blurring zones all my life I’ll get out you won’t and it’s no threat it’s a fact exactly what Quizzy was asking me hence zapped Mulu in cause he understands these zones far more than you and he’s so much inferior in states of unbinding so you can understand where your foolhardy has left you today..those were needed Allie just that as ever in rhymes is indeed a tact(laughs)..now for your question Fel what exactly is what(laughs)..” Felix(frown) : “your failure in controlling yourself that’s all..that’s all I got from what you were doing just moments ago..you can’t control yourself anymore Mr Seth Ketchum,pokemon master,gallery of distinct fame,once in 2 millenias..that’s the result of that count..all these combined won’t stand a chance against you yeah you will lose it too but so will we Seth..now I refuse to do this for a random stranger that’s all and the reason is I’m not Zed neither am I higher I can’t go further than this Seth that’s all that I’m saying..and no I have 6 other people here any of whom if disagrees with me I’ll quit my profession right now..” Seth(laughs) : “Dr Gary Oak and none else..(laughs)” Gary(solemn) : “I assumed your faculties to be bright enough for your age and experiences Ghastly you disappointed me once more unlike then and no I didn’t know this one from you how easily I was thrown out along with my whole bunch and I don’t want to associate myself with a suicide or murder which for whom you’re saying you’re doing all this..” Seth(frown) : “I don’t care for hall of s.. Gary I care for myself mind it..and no I won’t let you be disappointed once more but may not Emboar(laughs)..so count that as a neutral..(sternly)..no Quittie don’t be so spineless you’re not going anywhere till your bro and your classmate and big bro categorically tells me what they are insinuating..” Felix(frown) : “you’ve lost your mind just that..” Igor(frown) : “that you’re living in the zones you so cherish Seth but don’t have any control over yourself in a duality nothing else..” Seth(laughs) : “I see duality..but ever heard of the name Chansbert Tempie if you have Jitters then also Aurie you must’ve heard the name of (),(),(),() and () then use your head Benji which I suspect is filled with garbage these days of emotion..” Aurora(angry) : “Seth you’ve..” Seth(laughs) : “you certainly have anyway(sternly)..don’t fool yourself Giddy..the condition you are suspecting isn’t curable unless there’s right treatment..and same for me..I won’t be cured unless she lives for today atleast and then you know what can happen if I get out of hand myself..STAY CALM I KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING JUST GIVE ME ENOUGH TIME TO GET IT OVER..and your condition isn’t curable unless I proof that in all these years I was being to myself which I can’t and the reason of thet you know better than me thus you’re free to leave or stay and get to the end of this I’ve infinite time don’t bother,but why don’t I deal with the venerable ones later,except(solemnly) Professor,the only question I have for you after all today and all these 41 years is that was there any need from my part and you’ll get you answer” Professor Oak(grave)-”Seth I tell you honestly I’m way way inferior to all these present here now in terms of connections yet realized how you still somehow managed to throw me out of danger..I can see Mallow’s condition myself now with all her tears and else you know the best about the mind yet are going at us with all these and I don’t want to talk about Torrie..you know your methods and there perfection of establishment away from them the best but the only thing I would say is that what you said and are saying and that’s exactly where the trouble lies and no no matter your grazing field Seth it won’t penetrate us cause neither any of us asked you to continue thus knowing it you may continue..no Gary I’m fine this isn’t a matter of psychophysicality,not for nothing I’m still respected by you all atleast honey that’s all..” Seth(solemnly) : “no it’s ok Gary don’t make that mistake that will be the end of all right now I swear on it you all entrusted me with your bunches hence this and today throughout don’t disbelieve yourselves and no neither Margin,nor Blithie not even Stashey can do anything about it Stashey could throw me off from here right now no matter but he has to leave me then and there too which he won’t for some reason and Zed’s bunch the same except him and he isn’t here and theres a reason for that..he’s far far away from being infallible but he’s been at the cabin for 24 years and more none understands things about psychology more than him across planes and you know that and see that each day unlike me for 24 years..Alright,I told Mulu what I said to you all you can cross check but not today I won’t allow that to anyone I’m sorry(Crawdaunt dozes Professor off and holds him along with Pangoro and Incineroar and Feraligator and Medicham holds his physical body in comfortable position)..don’t bother about that he’s fine it’s not my power that we’re taking about cause if I really wanted it I wouldn’t have been out of first Unova second undercover so it has been cross checked..Crawdaunt and Feraligator are most experienced on-hand,Pangoro is who knows my methods from the scartch like Drugu as being it’s first full implemented exponent,Incineroar is our last buddy who thus had to have huge depth at very short time hence best suited to deal with uncertainties and her types only help her..Medi is here to help them in zapping and you about his ideas..Professor is more than fine yeah he should take rest till I want and he should be better when I want(Pangoro,Medicham,Feraligator,Incineroar and Crawdaunt zaps to Professor’s room,many other psychic goes too invisibly)..I’m assured of what Professor just said since I came to understand I have a big bro of my own flesh and blood and a twin don’t bother..right Cello,Tunkie,Quittie and Fel all four of you know what I said that has dug up very old graves don’t make a fuss about it from where you came to know those has been dealt with already but not completely which will be in all due honesty just the formalities remain..except for Mulu’s physical state nothing was the reason to keep you all away in the morning and then from the field..Trace was kept away cause he would’ve disturbed the situation being a sentimental fool and you know why and Myla aunty is not next to my mom hence wasn’t here..Brock assembled the whole world against us if Mulu registered a complaint it would’ve been settled at the court which meant I simply would’ve shifted from here cause the outside dregs are far beyond my interest now..off..” Daisy(tears) : “Mulu isn’t going anywhere from here today Ketchum sentiment,treatment,danger or whatever and I don’t believe one word from you,leave our sister alone..” Lillie(scream,cries) : “and she’ll never be yours..you were talking about why..(chokes,pokemons cease her)..” Seth(frown) : “it’s so cause you’re too well oiled unlike us thus didn’t get it not when you were here 30 years back and not today 30 years later as well once more right but Mulu wasn’t either till today..(sigh)..Lillie don’t fool yourself you’re in a delicate state yourself and Mulu isn’t alright enough to bear your onslaught and still explain her side today neither can you understand it today so please I don’t want all these I’m being forced to..right here’s the proof Trace please(hands Tracey a prescription copy,who is shivering)..(laugh)..what too drained of your s.. by this b.. u.. c.. huh!(laughs)..(very sternly,loud)HOLD THIS UP!(Tracey does so almost mechanically)..(frown)..not for nothing I told you the stuffs compeers not for nothing..so as I said Mulu was using some substances, (),(),(),(),() and () with (),() and finally added () to forget me from 3 TIMES hence the number and consequently was and isn’t well at all..her daily habit on a normal day was (...) and then there were innumerable variants to manage abnormal days..atleast let her be with me today to get the level of those substances down physically almost always used to be intoxicated and today wasn’t any different just the level was much much lower and(angry)..you know what you want gross huh you want to listen in minute details to the words what takes one and in what exact ways to..(controls himself a bit,sigh)..no it’s ok it’s alright compeer don’t bother I’m alright..it’s Mippie again Gary either she will be alive or me today or none this is Zed’s ultimatum to them today(laughs)..hence atleast you also understand my condition too I guess if not bless yourself in brightness counting the dark days looming..just control your little brothers and sisters physically rest needs to push me cause to them I’ve done everything worng it’s ok..but(sternly)..I warn you Trace and this isn’t a joke,either you get these little brats treated including Gary if he fails by the end of my conversations now and that man b.. injecting ideas from outside who has been saved today..Stashey’s bunch will have to stay here today atleast Sharpie and Laprie..I warn you Trace if these m.. and their spouses go anywhere near them or anyone else including you except only Gary alone which he should just as we leave may God save them I won’t take any responsibilities..anyway family for sure Gary family by all means,anyway,what you all are suspecting I tell you I know Mulu since she was 17 and I also know what I mean to her both psychophysically and beyond that since then itself..she is a hall of fame trainer and once only talent in managing pokemons only thus she is still alive sanely..but won’t be if you still force her to defend herself today itself..no matter my image to you she has accepted me as her husband and that process wouldn’t have needed the arrangements today had it been too smooth..she has had about 8 medicines and 4 injections already and those are the blood and else that was needed 3 times during my process..the prescription for next 3 days till 19th April..tomorrow she won’t have much sleep and else ask her whatever tomorrow next two days will sleep for 14 to 16 hours and(very sternly)..WILL ONLY BE WITH ME THUS..and Trace again if your wife and sister-in-laws try to breach this it won’t be good for your daughters only and you too Gary remember this well when your wife acts immaturely despite everything..no I know about her sister but she will be alive on 20th unless her sister pokes her head in it jeopardizing everything and the rest she can herself decipher same for her eldest sister too whose betraying herself once more as is her habit since 17 and now has called people in serving as their so called mom..anyway tomorrow if I can get her moods right she’ll herself appease your appetite to know the process don’t bother if I fail then this brat Gary will knowing it from how I don’t need to enlighten him upon..and yeah all of you the whole ghost bunch barring Gengleye will do rounds here those two will be on Mulu and that means trespassers will be most mercilessly persecuted mind this and if their compeers here see Violet anywhere near tomorrow they’ll doze all of you off for a week including Violet and Daisy is included in this group right next to Violet so she should realize what she was upto today despite understanding the simple fact that someone with everything behind that I had could’ve got what I wanted in public at the gym itself I could’ve said it all there and none of those brats wouldn’t have been able to counter it logically and you know that too..I didn’t need privacy for marrying her or cuing her or f.. her or psychophysically torture her I needed privacy for what you all being married yourselves knows it the best we needed it most direly cause it was self contradicting us for 24 years that’s all..Mulu if allowed to will most happily tell you about it the way she ever does but I hope she will be appreciated as a child that she actually is especially in my presence or when contemplating on me as am I hence our behaviours and this having to tell you all who understands each bit yourselves hands-on is a truest travesty and Daisy should understand it especially the best but again she will refuse to cause she chases imaginations despite knowing it exactly why it became a conflict between her daughters and baby sis which was inexistent cause she is sound enough to understand our bunches and my bros were with me too their behaviours never have changed with any and that was proof enough if my actions weren’t and those of my rest of family weren’t even Weekie and Beeky themselves who knows us inside out themselves..anyway as I was saying,there’s other formalities with that injection schedule as you’ll find in the prescription and then after 19 you can start your legal procedures and (angry) Tempie,Benjie,Fel,Igo,Jitters and Aurie if you suspect that I won’t be able to..(sigh,controls himself)..it’s ok compeer..it’s ok..don’t worry just attend to what you know..you may go to court tomorrow or kill me or her but atleast today let the medicines settle and then follow that schedule I’ll leave her on 20th..and(sarcastically laughs)..I would’ve been killed long ago had it not been for my bunch only wouldn’t it Gary especially in other terms imaginable..(laughs)..anyway,those only affect the mind thus you won’t see any outside changes and you didn’t at the get together except that she looks skinny and pale and is underweight now and these kills one’s sanity and that Trace,is the exact reason why I did what I did but if any of you think I don’t care about her it’s not my problem at all but that was needed to be done cause she won’t tell anyone else and you can’t stop her as you know her nature the day Daisy left went to the next step..right,(sternly)..you 19 brats won’t hear ONE DAMN WORD of consolations from my current psychophysical being till it ceases..Gary help them unless they help themselves and Trace help Gary I have no time for these little brats jumping up and down or Gary’s emotional rubbish that is all fake only to get onto my nerves..so thus your s.. have heard all MARK IT AND LEAVE..(all are zapped out)..rest all I was to say is that in the end I must point out to you that I’m now with Mulu for atleast the rest of today,so you’ve helped still and the arrangement has come into fruit..Daisy if you can keep patient you’ll know me tomorrow and she won’t be dead after your actions cogitating over it but control this infatuated fool well cause she’s not doing so herself and won’t thus won’t realize that who is coming and who is supposed to be going won’t meet each other along with those who are here already ALL BECAUSE OF HER.."
Itzel(entering,Professor is restored) : "i see a thing happening/we then forlorn as thy meaning/noun or adjective or pronoun/oh belated ever meaning means soon..
oh i thought this is comprehensive it's rather incisive..too cyclic then presence never left i as caught in theft of duality..consciousness too late existing if alas an essence..too seeker conned..vehicle then leave meaning(all un..long..Kakhaber+Nestani..Cassette Capture..shuu..countering,#,..)"
Seth(straight) : "yeah an excuse of security's future from presence albeit causally not logically(all un..long,..Kakhaber+Nestani..Fortune haps,#,..)..anyway thanks(zaps out to Mallow and Torrie by Meowstic) ...(23:52) Mallow(crying again seeing Seth,hugs him firmly,Torrie too cries hugs him firmly) : “Seth..” Seth(solemn,angry,very stern) : “you,mom Dragonite me Talonflame,Giratina and Ultranercozma..Gengleye come at my home with two pokeballs for Giti and Cozy and another for Talon and take Ninjie with you in a pokeball and you’re on Mulu as you heard FULL TIME,Dragu return after mom alights at home safely and Mulu too Quizzy follow Dragu pick Glalie up..most are inside cause of as you say compeers despondency of sainty treat them they are patients not travellers today..after they’ve settled down a bit which you’ll understand from the reactions of MR TRACEY SKECHIT return to my home by someone with your balls except Sharpie and Laprie unless they want to join you too..don’t force them Arnie,Dreamy,Minnie and gang isn’t going anywhere tell them this no matter what Zed does I can’t help it now please I beg of you it’s useless to endeavour knowing it’s result already if the result is not subject to probability..” Torrie(crying): “Seth listen to me honey..”
Mallow(hugs Seth firmly,crying a lot,concerned) : “Seth please..” Seth(disappointed, ehadi and also Torrie) : “it’s ok it’s alright Zed would’ve been here he would’ve known definitely whole time was with me mom won’t leave me don’t bother..and even if does Palkia won’t that’s for sure(laughs)..well even if Palkia does there’s Mr Pristine Smite then Dr Oak and still no matter me the Vultures aren’t going anywhere thus Zed too hence all these(laughs a lot,Mallow suddenly understanding something cries in joy beaming)..(smile,patting Mallow)right,my sweet Mulu flower..anyway mom don’t worry Mulu is thinking of today today only take care of your daughter..it’s ok..I’m what I’m not for nothing mom it’s ok please comply,please,you can come back through the Lab all your life,just not today Mom,please I’m not alright neither is Mulu at all physically mentally we both are but these brats are unnecessarily pushing us all cause of their infatuation..and Mulu it’s ok not the time for overflooding emotions dear you won’t want to come down after today again this term you know what i’m saying please dear calm down..”
Gary(zapped in by Unown and helped by his own psychic bunch, shivering voice in much agony,Seth shakes his head): “Seth!..no it’s ok..I’m fine as is Lil..Just a sec..aunty won’t be troubled at all,neither would Mallow,for them this is ever the same and ever will be..your bunch if shifted today won’t return here and how you will follow aunty and Mallow through the lab I don’t need to enlighten you upon either..
Seth(frown) : “I see too much bonhomie(helping Gary up..)..Dragu,Quizzy do as I said,Talon go there with Dragu,Cozy,Giti come along with me,Gengleye do as I told..rest observe till tomorrow this time..and no for me today’s process won’t be after this very moment Gary I don’t you neither the viseversa never did never will both of us you know that as do I..let’s go..(sternly)..what b.. surely that l.. w.. didn’t drain your f.. b.. or is it just too many b.. s.. u.. g.. again and again too much..(extremely stern)..GET THE F.. UP!..(Gary controls himself finally..then all slowly becomes normal,Mallow and Torrie cries a lot)..yeah(very tired,gasping)..yeah..no mom I’m ok..Gary call either Margin or Aviv in as soon as either can you’re pushing me unnecessarily without penetrating not your exactly as much but those b.. and keep Trace off today if you don’t want Daisy and Mulu to be widowed right..and yeah keep Violet off from my sight today as well if you want her future to live further..right it’s ok compeers it’s alright you can do more as can I just this being is in contraptions of contemporary commemorations(laugh)..yeah right(laughs)..anyway Stashey is at Yellowburst whole Kanto military was waiting secretly and still is(laughs)..it’s ok he’s too sufficient alone you know that(laughs a lot)..come on..”
Ash(suddenly found walking in) : "Gone To the Now oh Then Push through me how no yeah you are or thou/uh ah uh yeah no nah muh ou ah..Lastly Phantom is then how/gone to the bushes of something alas is swooning upon now/then how or what or practice alas Caster Hats of thou.."
Seth(frown) : "i.."
Ash(straight) : "alas compeer details then random(Seth un..long,Torrie is very angry,Gary shakes his head,Mallow slightly laughs)..keep mom here your features looks..shh..attention grammar no more concentration(Seth un..long,Mallow smiles,Torrie is very angry still,Gary similar to before)..alas Gary choice then for some(Seth un..,Mallow laughs shaking her head,Torrie is even angrier,Gary shakes his head finally laughing..).."
Seth(laughing..) : "yeah let's go.."
Torrie(very angry) : "you scoundrel where were you hiding hum you.."
Ash(straight) : "i don't get it mom i hear you.."
Torrie(very angry) : "shut up you rascal! all because of that.."
Ash(straight) : "exactly what i told Seth albeit consciously..topology of aough..who how..(Seth un..,Gary and Mallow too laughs,Torrie is very angry).."
Torrie(angry) : "i'm going to see that BYE..(Gary and Mallow too laugh,Seth un..)"
Ash(shrug) : "well space then pensioned..tick tock tick causality hurry tiffin of i concur/are/unless i you will become Coffin of being certainty see survival Saunter..ah ringtone(Seth un..,Gary and Mallow too laugh,Torrie scowls).."
Seth(coming in and taking Torrie away,laughing..) : "mom please come over here it's futile to stay.."
Torrie(very angry) : "i'll see how you or your 2nd eldest pro steps a foot in MY FAMILY..(Seth laughs a lot taking her away..).."
(The military was called in as an emergency unbeknown to all,the pokemons could detect their machines but didn’t and they knew of this threat too,Stash just before Seth left with Mallow just spoke with Seth once more he was a bit emotional still so just before sending Seth and Mallow off charged at 6 Cities and himself went to Yellowburst then the military retaliated understood it wasn’t at all a charge but as usual the pokemons were too everhappy only fooling around despite realizing everything cause they were only defending themselves despite charging alluding to the fact that it’s the same all along and this is when when Seth and Mallow left for Marengo after Edmond and Neil treated her enough for this delay they were safely sent home by others at Lab,Stash at Yellowburst)
Military Head : “yeah put it down..”
Stash(zapping in,straight) : “the traps in the way compeer none of you will return mentally mind this if you have one that is(laughs a lot)..if not shh..so much potential..countering credential though,credential : the sigh of just oh eroteme or so..shh..countering what or oh..”
Military head(straight) : “it wasn’t set up..”
Stash(laugh) : “cause other regional forces would’ve created a bit of a trouble for you from 3 sides I guess(laughs a lot)..as if it would've worked though consciousness : the random though..”
Military head(straight) : “we were ordered by..”
Stash(straight) : “definitions of no,countering..to be professional not personal you could’ve and should’ve been in the field if so haughty are your technologies not backstab us feigning security they aren’t all right personally cause what you’ve been suspecting for 37 years now is the first step we crossed thus only could survive 37 years later today and you deem yourself intelligent enough in your post despite all happening..show me the order..”
Military head(frown,after Stash sees the order) : “I believe you can understand that we’re and our bosses are intelligent enough to understand the ramifications for 37 years itself..”
Stash(laugh) : “what is the probability..”
Military head(frown) : “we can’t work upon probabilities Mr Ketchum thus only has been here..” Stash(laugh) : “none of your pokemons,normal devices and your satellites would’ve worked hence this is a matter of recklessness only thus what’s the assurance that..” Military head(smile) : “only you Mr Tantrum had you not come up here or anyone from your 5 person group we would’ve taken the probabilities in our hands for both Mr Cuong and Mr Seth’s safety only and also Ms Wat..” Stash(laugh) : “Mrs Poppy Ketchum,Gallery of Commemorations my little sis and Mrs Mallow Ketchum,Class of Eminence Water/Ice Gym Leader my twin baby sis both now sis-in-law too OFFICIALLY” Military head(laugh) : “indeed..for the treatment of Mrs Ketchum both of them too if any were required..as you see there in the order there’s a high chance of probability assuring us that surely at Huntelion it’s only a matter of vulture business too(laughs)..” Stash : “thematically(all present there uncontrollably laugh)..OH JANGOMO DON’T BE A GAMBLER OH JUST UNDERSTAND IT ON THE CLASS/IF YOU FAIL TO UNDERSTAND IT THERE ASK YOURSELF YOU TEACHERS AND PEERS WHILE LOOKING THROUGH THE MENTAL GLASS(all uncontrollably laugh)..WHEN YOU WORK IN THIS DIFFERENCE YOU HAVE TO ADJUST YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS NO MATTER HOW MUCH EXISTENCE IS CRASS/IN ALL DUE UNDERSTANDING OF ANOTHER HAKAMO OH PHYSICS DICTATES IS JUST THE ENERGY OF THE CONSERVATIVE MASS(all uncontrollably laugh)..THUS HIKKIE WHEN YOU TRY TO BE ANYTHING ELSE YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS BASS/THAT NO MATTER HOW GOOD THE BEING IS IT’S INEXISTENT CAUSE AN ENGINE CAN’T RUN WITHOUT EMITTING THE FEELING AS THE DUAL GAS(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..THUS IT’S A MATTER OF CONFINEMENT IS WHAT HEREBY YOU IN GENERAL LASH/IN THE OTHER DIRECTION AND YOUR OWN PERFECTION IN THIS EQUILIBRIUM SYSTEM ISN’T FEASIBLE UNLESS STILL THERE’S NOTHER OUTSIDE DEFINED AS ETERNAL WITNESS TO WHICH IN VISEVERSA THIS DUALITY IS INFEASIBLE HENCE CONTRADICTION WORKS ONLY WITH A SLASH(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..hence you must understand that in difference these Vultures only sing as the real flock/thus as the opposite is what’s not true due to this self contradiction the slash is is added of fighting the if normalcy is normal should I analyze it or should I ask how it’s upheld withing itself OH KOMMO OH NOW YOU MENTALLY KNOCK(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..any ambiguous arguments(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
..................................
..(before Poppy with Seth,Stash has zapped out)..
Seth(zapping in,smile) : "so certainly it's not mental only hum(laughs..)"
Poppy(smiling) : "or abstract(Seth laughs)"
Seth(laughing) : "no atleast you went to sleep your baby flower was awake for all 7 hours now sleeping Edu and Neil there..anyhow she is ok now as you're mentally your smile is telling me that dear but what about the physique.."
Poppy(dejected face) : "i don't know bro..(Seth hugs her and pats her head the backside).."
Seth(smile,same pose) : "sweetie nothing's happening to you hum..all are ready at Frucifern no matter who intervenes or you may stay here itself it's ok you're good enough my dear little doll to smile aren't you.."
Poppy( oy,smile) : "no i don't want to know anything bro.."
Seth(laugh,same pose) : "certainly you can't either as we're hearing for 42 years now(laughs..lot,Poppy smiles same pose)..besides it was all legal from mental perspective as well Poppy why bother i tortured your baby sis far more in this respect"
Poppy(smile) : "no he never saw any of the shows even Stashey did(laughs finally,Seth too laughs).."
Seth(laugh) : "well he had to said like,when the shadows of another fall on her/does she become herself or just say TYRAniTAR(both burst..)..you misinterpreted it all did including even Margin and Blithie barring him afterall he's the one to poke them(both laugh..lot)..so my baby doll is perfectly ok then hum.."
Poppy(same pose,smile) : "shut up only he validates it(Seth laughs..)"
Seth(laughs..) : "certainly did against Lance(both laugh..),excuse ME a moment Lance what did YOU say(both burst..),Ms Poppy Waterflower,hmm..conference Congregation..hmm..first gathering THEN discussing..hmm..(both burst..)..grand conference..hmm..first posing THEN REPOSING..hmm(both burst..)..hmm..Cuo son..hmm..pokemon master..hmm..now deal with that handwriting recognition technology,THE MOST CAPITULATING,technically though not really(both un..)..yeah then sweared the reporters like nothing just as they asked of his beau Really Fulcrum(both burst..) i realized fully Mulu wasn't any different to me physically either in the abstract layer this was the day before me on Saturday we did things separately so he didn't know anything weren't supposed to co-ordinate cause of the competing surprises saw them not the matches right(both laugh..lot)..anyway dear you stay here rhyming with near mentally countering there hum(smiles,Poppy smiles  oy,Seth tenders her similarly)..(Cuong zaps in)..right best of rationales(all laugh..)..(Seth zaps out).."
Poppy(smiling) : "how's my baby now.."
Cuong(smile) : "fine just as you in the general terms Edu said all his department Neil the helper Margin was right about his eternal own sisters' physiques too afterall we never about our wives(laughs,Poppy smiles).."
Poppy(smile, oran very firmly) : "why didn't you see a show hum Seth just reminded me even Stashey did no matter the reason(both laugh..lot).."
Cuong(laugh,  Poppy very firmly tendering her head) : "easily(both burst..)..i have whole eternity honey as long me(both smile)..anyway dear we would be leaving soon to Frucifern get ready for that ok i'm just outside.."
Poppy(smile,same pose) : "no you're staying here(Cuong laughs and picks her up)..right,atleast it's not like you can't carry me physically just cause you thought this isn't plausible given eternity mentally(both burst..)"
(all of them finally reached home)
.....(night,00:08,just after reaching home)…
(Poppy’s Phone rings,Violet,Cuong sees it) Cuong(laugh) : “the lawyers are here already..(bursts into laughter)..” Poppy(frown) : “Cuo I’ll handle it,get things ready..” Cuong(murmur) : “yeah open the f.. phone and...” Violet(almost crying) : “Poppy,what?where are you?why..” Poppy(solemn) : “Viol,we’ve patched up,where are you now and are Jumpie and Cheesy with you?” Violet(tears) : “yes they are..Poppy don’t believe in any treatments..that b.. isn’t stable anyway you saw too..” Poppy(solemn) : “yes I did and that’s not instability which my gallery of commemoration status suggests to be discernible to me if not achievable no matter my psychophysical condition..he’s more than stable to take me to Henry Care for treatments Viol and it’s a fact no matter what Dase or Lil told you..not belief..that I know best..Edu and Neil was at the lab and Hunnie was at Henry Care that's for the gross and for the subtle we’ve had big fights ourselves today you being you or anyone that knows her soulmate will not be able to differentiate me and Cuo that is know..he is just extremely tired physically that’s all..and we went to Marengo not only cause of what you know I was using but also what you don’t know I was using..please he took me to doctors himself at Henry Care Marengo..Viol please,you’re tired now as well you’ve a huge responsibility just go home,Brock will be expecting you and also would expect you to not let him down..please..I’m fine I’ll meet you as soon as I can and am only at his home nowhere else..please spare us for tonight and yourself too most..please..calm down and return safely..” Violet(sobbing) : “who the hell that brat thinks he is?because..” Poppy(solemn) : “Viol,Cuo didn’t force or threaten me it’s totally my choice..and no he did go overboard but I saw myself only was trying to put them off..and he won’t do what Dase and all are so afraid of cause it’s not possible without self destruction Viol I’m training pokemons for 27 years now and servicing included it's been 30 years and has achieved a level that no matter what none of you three have believe me on this one..we are getting married very soon just as the real time and I’m ever happy only with him..you know the last year and what I turned to atlast for the last half of it to find the light and what light it would’ve shown me..just keep yourself safe and return safely,let Brock call once you’ve reached home and settled down..I’m fine don’t worry about me..” Violet(sobbing) : “the b.. told Dase and Lil..” Poppy(solemn) : “Cuo has told me all of it himself,and please I beg of you,just return safely first..” Violet(sobbing) : “just stay safe Poppy..I’ll call and am telling Brock to reach the lab now..” Poppy(solemn) : “it’s ok Viol don’t worry and no Brock if can’t no need for him to rush I’m only at my in-law home nowhere else..you keep safe and return safe,will connect soon” (Poppy texts Jampa and Czeslaw)
[return home safely first and foremost without any further thoughts I’m more than fine mom is at home here just use your heads please]
Cuong(laugh) : “yeah using heads indeed Poppy indeed..that b.. will kill you cause so starving is his..” Poppy( oran,solemn) : “Cuo!please enough with this language..anger and dissent create more of that only..please,calm down dear we’ll talk it out more than family remember?don’t bother..” Cuong(angry) : “if I see that man-w..”
Poppy(solemn) : “Cuo please! They are doing only what is appearing..” Cuong(scoff) : “yeah indeed..so an infatuated lunatic roaming around with the belief that she can handle the most elusive bunch in last two millenias known to recorded knowledge a bunch that is elusive enough to their own masters who know them since all of their births is throwing it all away despite knowing everything all cause she can’t see what she has been preaching for 30 damn years now..and that brat Jumpie despite me telling her 1000 times to call the day off won’t and her son is 5 years have been left at a distant city and her b.. deems this to be affection after managing whole world for 18 years constant..I’m sorry Poppy,but let them do whatever they can I’m packing up in 5 weeks from the Lab enough with it if that b.. Trace can’t get the m.. down tonight I’ll be a bro to them only via phones..(Poppy sighs,  Poppy very firmly)..and those 19 little clowns..it will be so so easy to become a coward and give up everything and kill them with my bunch won’t it Poppy..or so easy to break through things that will disturb the peace of mind forever isn’t it..hence only I call them bros and sisters since I know them as do they..your sisters have had themselves ripped off emotionally by their b.. throughout and when i pointed it out to those s.. suddenly my s.. became too t.. ..Aurie,Jitters,Tempie and Benji didn’t have a clue of anything Igo,Sintu and Ellie needed me each step Fel and Cello were brought up by us virtually Glennie was kicked out of his insecurity without which would’ve been in shambles,Allie and Giddy were infatuated m.. and would’ve lost it with Gary he ever had control and never cared about other’s personal lives unless they went toe to toe in it with him to do which it’ll take some mettle that not many has or ever will so they were brought back from malpractices,Arrie wasn’t assured of himself in profession after his methods weren’t coming off each day the support was there before him,Zennie and Aju needed the family each moment that wouldn’t have been there unless they were shaken out of misconceptions..Tunkie and Quittie came up seeing us..all this and then you yourself saw what those two b.. Cello and Fel especially were saying from two different angles meaning the same atleast Cello is less infatuated to gibberish more..Centy and Putu did whatever we did and yet intentionally failed today insinuating things that you saw..each and every damn brat that’s in my family even Gary..if he jumped into that snake’s pit at Cerulean right after Unova Poppy your Lillie flower whose so concerned about your well being despite hands-on proof of the prescription to get her child in jeopardy wouldn’t have even seen today along with her hubby brat..Daisy was talking about game of snookers 2 months before her daughters’ arriving(laughs,Poppy tries to stop Cuong,frown)..no I’m not a fool Poppy don’t worry and no what’s the trouble there at all except for my cost who will be taking way more Poppy I’m not done for tonight at all just started I’ve understood(laughs,Poppy sighs in same pose)..it doesn’t matter 7 years is a very long time don’t bother(Poppy sighs and is concerned and keeps  oran firmly)..the language is given a layer of undercover cause it zooms upon the futility of psychophysicality in a brutal manner not for nothing these are called slangs(laughs,Poppy in same pose)..each ripped me off some benefits and what I asked them for Poppy huh look after my bunch ever..if Professor said it would be dangerous before I got Drugu I would’ve changed my lab instantly Marengo was only waiting and I had Mr Dennis Flemming of all legends to back me up if I wanted to change..I didn’t ask them of anything ever..in my direct family except Sabrina each has had something off from me Poppy no matter whether they wanted or not or I wanted to give them or not..Sabrina is the only who hasn’t done anything that she wouldn’t do to anyone else I’ve had special treatment and I know it the best..I’m tired with this not cause of my energy being drained cause they gave me much more as I said so I was more than recuperated but still the give and take still goes on even today..all I got as they demand today Poppy the explanation point was only a few challenges in and out..inside the challenge was forwarded to a 7 time champ prizing his integrity to his bunch first but I appreciate that man and ever will for stepping up to face someone he has some very genuine and deep rooted problems with but I don’t appreciate the fact the the same man will become a w.. and jump into Accumula of all places huh Accumula Town of all places and why cause another man w.. was too infatuated with his b.. he goes to Accumula and tries to sabotage me not realizing even after seeing my twin what it takes in psychic channels and tryes to take things out of profession Poppy Accumula is a special place I hope you know this one if it’s good it’s good if they understand that the gym is in threat no matter the leader or anything no pokemon or their masters no matter who not only my direct family will spare them and you being a hall of famer can understand what the threat exactly is..anyway then from outside it was a few men who veil themselves behind technology..(laugh)..at different Elite4s different people said different things to me yeah had to see a lot of differences of different opinions(laughs,Poppy very concerned in same pose)..and the prize was not a state not a ruler of the whole profession not property not fame nothing..was grudge that’s all..for a..(very dejected,  Poppy very firmly)..my sweet Poppy to them and to all at the lab as you yourself heard today is only a..” Poppy( oran,stern Voice,shiver) : “hey you too want to throw everything away huh..” Cuong(solemn,  Poppy) : “it’s alright Poppy,I’ll talk,sorry for emotions but don’t bother about those f..” Poppy(frown) : “Cuo they’re our family not your challengers..what Igo and all said I know that they love you too blindly and they love me too blindly too no matter what I did in these 5 years..I had them always beside me Cuo no matter how much I tried to get rid of them till the point when I wanted to break myself up completely they didn’t leave even then Cuo I did and thus the things they said..and if it was Cammie or Bonnie would’ve never even allowed you to do what you did out in the field had bro not supported you..we can’t stay like this forever giving excuses in this language Cuo please..” Cuong(angry) : Had mom not been there would’ve dozed off..” Poppy(solemn) : “exactly why she was there..and if she wasn’t I would’ve lost you that’s all..you love them as much as yourself Cuo but they won’t get it like me and you know why..just go there and explain yourself calmly..the 19 you’re talking about has grown up seeing their bro what they can’t see anymore and won’t unless he wants..and the rest the same for the whole family including Gary..Cuo please I know him he has only one soft spot at his heart Lil’s not that’s just him as you understand but it’s exactly you..only what you said about his child has hurt him wouldn’t have been if it was Stashey and you understand it’s cause you’re no different to him he only thinks in as Chompie would say reflections..Cuo everyone isn’t Sabrina you know that you yourself aren’t and just saw it today itself what happens playing with fire..you’ve got out of one illusion dear don’t volunteer into another knowing it cause this won’t break thus like the one you got out of but will break you only..” Cuong(solemn) : “yeah..but they intentionally pushed..” Poppy(solemn) : “Cuo you know me once more today and in reality you know who pushed whom..it doesn’t matter how long I know what I know and you too..just go and talk with them..” Cuong(disappointed) : “All right Poppy,you have a nice sleep dear(  Poppy,smiles)..I’m sorry honey just much emotions..mentally that is(laughs,Poppy smiles at him and tenders him)..(Giratina,Ultranercozma,Gengar and Sableye comes with Talonflame in a ball and Greninja in a ball)..Chu stay,Sablie stay with Poppy and introduce your buddy to Poppy your Pikachupi,Gengy follow compeer and Giti,Cozy come with me..Poppy,don’t take too much pressure by calling the whole world around you know the prescription and my purported image to the world,Gengleye I call this duo like Crawdauntogator my rocket buddies,Gengleye knows everything like rest 234,Chu will do the introductions,Sablie will make sure you get them in your context..and you’re more than safe at home with these 3 and Mimey and don’t worry about me you’ve seen everything there with these very psychics and still they are so nonchalant just a bit tired that isn’t Talon who is nothing short of a few Kirosblazinors and you know all of him..” Poppy(solemn) : “yes I do but I also know what their master can I won’t lose my husband because of he himself solely remember that..and you can stay out all night as I said Cuo,when I go there at the earliest or latest all I will see will be laughs just as we had at Marengo..that is my real Cuo and me being so will have it that’s all..and yes to add to it Cuo take Gengleye with you not Giti and especially Cozy they’re too tired..” Cuong(smile,patting Giratina and Ultranercozma) : “no it’s ok Poppy that’s the deal with these two..they’re dragons not for nothing they can be physically pushed to infinity and I need their tiredness others are recovered already hence may not be too concerned about human activities that I may have to face already in the lab whole world in zooming upon me it’s ok no pokemon no matter the number can surpass these two still due to their stage out of psychophysicality..and don’t worry I still have Ninjie as backup whose more that too refreshed..(pats Greninja,all the three fondles Cuong)..” Poppy(solemn) : “fine not Cozy atleast..” Cuong(smile) : “exact opposite sweetie Cozy was at the captivation of Team
Rocket for 2 years before I first met her..and later came to know what they did to her in order to tame her nothing worked much..the only pokemon Poppy that after Mr Vito’s Zebstrika to defeat any of mine deservingly and it was Garchomp no there wasn’t any interference she changed sides then only faced him I just didn’t push Chomp nothing else..(tenders Ultranercozma)..she’s something else just as Giti is with the added experience of undercover meaning she knows things about human pokemon interaction too well and now with her level is an once ever pokemon by all means..Darmie and Momlie weren’t exposed this much they were from normal bunch..don’t bother still if she can’t and Giti too Ninjie is there as I said none is surpassing these three today Poppy don’t worry please don’t strain..” Poppy(solemn) : “yeah I’ll see that..you know best about them but I’ve told what I’ve told you Cuo and you know it too..” Cuong(smile,  Poppy firmly,Poppy also hugs him very firmly and is concerned) : “ofcourse sweetie I know it that I want to become my sweet Poppy flower don’t worry I know what is what(laughs)..that’s Bulby for you..(laughs)..anyway,that farm you know a set-up Zed himself helped the process might’ve been only there all along as well with Sinnoh Elite4 office bearers all later mom knows the contact at farm but me or anyone at lab or farm don’t call till I call you or come back will be very late tell mom to keep something to eat light stuff..take rest you need to be awake late night when I return..mind this one carefully..alright see you palpably(breaks hug smiling,Poppy smiles at him)..Seth would come as well don't bother he like his Mulu flower and Lillie sis doesn't understand anything personal only professional(laughs a lot,Poppy finally laughs shaking her head)..lets go Giti zap me to mom,Cozy come along..”
..............
(Downstairs,00:26)
Cuong(haste) : “mom,this is her prescription and these are the medicines and else,as I told you severe depression for a very very long time did all the wrong things to increase it only cause her need was only her Cuo and you know the rest,I just didn’t marry her despite her wanting it just so so much before Unova and it was partially due to my bunch’s state then but not fully I didn’t want to leave her a mom-to-be right after that I had to we both knew just as dad had to I didn’t want that for my future and especially for my wife I’m happy still but you somewhere isn’t surely as much as I’m and it’s all cause of another year with dad that’s all that didn’t psychophysically happen and still you had grandpa and all yeah financially we’re in heavens but Poppy doesn’t have anyone,siblings aren’t parents no matter what we all understand they have to have their own lives that is somewhere mutually exclusive to that of parents and children and so on I didn’t want that at all for my wife hence did what I did and it did happen what did happen later but anyway,she isn’t well by any means at all,take good care of her she needs urgent rest and Gengleye is with her now she needs laughs not the emotional deliriums..cause I have to talk a lot later when she will get that you know my position and the reason is my non psychophysical condition that isn’t ever kind on the opposite part of it and hence it’s not what you think I’m too busy for emotional nonsense that too with her whom I know for 24 too long years that too only as my long married wife ever these 5 years are most important without which she can’t truly be my wife despite me so please and for your emotions with her you know how to make your daughter once more so by one word as much as you know your son..don’t go right away to her half an later later she needs to settle down with my bunch a bit there very much necessity for both..and yeah,I’ll be late keep something..”
Torrie(concerned) : “Cuo..”
Cuong(haste) : “all later,Ninjie to Talon in ball out follow..” Torrie(firmly) : “Cuo,wait,answer me first..” Cuong(haste,bit irritated) : “what is it mom..I’m..” Torrie(frown) : “about all your lectures and skills of self mortification that forces upon the other the same and given your current position and all I want my grandkids atleast the possibility if not actuality but that possibility I want cause you wanted it ever and that too much fine tuning was your problem..don’t think you’ve equaled Brawn in any ways thus don’t compare yourself with Margin and Blithie they’re not in your reach this term similar to Genki and Blossie,Brock and Violet yeah you know that more than me as much you know Gary and Lillie and Tracey and Daisy and ofcourse Ciddy and Gladie,Neil and Hunnie,your bros Lui and Enkie and Kuhu and Effie..Mulu has this firmness against duality intrinsic in her only thus that scoundrel hasn't been allowed to leave which you're doing cause your wife only wanted what..to see the future with you,you who no matter the intentions motivated Tasmie to come up with plans and all surely you know your own sister May the best and her husband and who he is..Zed won’t live here anymore along with his clowns and won’t be found at 9 cities from tomorrow YOU WILL LIVE EXACTLY HERE WITH . IF YOU DON’T WANT TO SEE OTHERWISE..and if that scoundrel is SO FORTHRIGHT I’ll forsake him I don’t need weeds no matter relations..keep it in your mind and do whatever you want and Poppy will be fine at her home don’t worry but your bro's behaviour with all there at lab isn’t going to help neither me nor her to PSYCHOPHYSICALLY LIVE..you can leave for undercover tomorrow morning but tonight settle these issues..” Cuong(irritated) : “yeah all fine will be done if only I get to get out now don’t worry..call Zed and give him the marching orders yourself..Seth will be here sign the papers he can fetch at no time what he can't is why i have to..you all let’s go”
Torrie(frown) : "and keep those 4 out of it SPECIFICALLY your teaching scoundrel.."
Cuong(frown) : "you know best that's not possible you didn't raise them well enough exactly my teaching scoundrel welcome never bye(zaps out).."
Torrie(self,sigh) : "certainly Cuo brats like those today too would've rhymed hallow never hi absolutely so in case of your teaching scoundrel(laughs..)..surely the dealers by every means rest good at all except fetching the devils themselves(laughs..lot).."
..................................
(Seth coming in later just as Cuong goes out)..
Seth(bit surprized) : "hey it's ok Ash was.."
Cuong(frown) : "there not at there check yourself.."
Seth(restrains Cuong,frown) : "it's reflected.."
Cuong(angry) : "Seth get off because of your infallibility now i have to tackle the issues of VERITY.."
Seth(laughing..) : "fair enough..no i know it's too good here come here not go there..it's ok i'm only following personalities(laughs a lot,Cuong laughs too finally).."
..................................
(Zed calls Cuong and Seth together just as he boarded Talonflame) Seth(disappointed) : “yeah bless yourself once more..” Zed(laugh) : “mate you can’t simple too much dependency lad you can’t neither can your twin because of you I know it you can’t and you won’t..(firmly)..neither can Cuo nor Gary but I tell you two as well don’t try my babies cause they will..” Cuong and Seth(angry) : “thanks for reminding us but our answer is she and her following will come to me only AS WILL YOU..” Zed(laugh) : “see what I told you just(laughs)” Cuong(irritated) : “yeah too much glee isn’t it with cyclic existence this is blatant vanity rhyming with your fake mask of civility(laughs a lot as does Seth,Zed too laughs).."
Seth(laughing..) : "man why is your civilization so hellbent to become humans still huh(laughs with Cuong,Zed laughs as well)..” Zed(laugh) : “they were told of hopelessness of human emotions since day 1(laughs,Seth and Cuong shake their head laughing)..” Cuong(laughs) : “man you should be in jail you know and i heard all were saying epitomized by Fel of all most infatuated brats that we're unstable(all laugh)” Zed(laugh) : “how’s mom and Professor..(laughs with Cuong,Seth laughs shaking his head)” Seth(laugh) : “and how did you gauge them..” Zed(laugh) : “been telling them to contemplate on you two since day zero(laughs,Seth and Cuong shake their heads laughing)..” Cuong(laugh) : “no your sisters are trying to go to court but we should as well you know(both laugh)..by the way you're is getting disowned unless you admit to the commandant that you’ve been kicked out of your home and from 9 cities too along with your clowns taking away your job take that you namecall(all laugh)..” Zed(laugh) : “are you out or in..(both laugh)” Seth(laugh) : “why don’t you gauge that too..” Zed(laugh) : “well my guess is that you aren’t cause has gone to privacy mode whose just you(both laugh)” Seth(laugh) : “no i'm in Cuo just got out you know this is what happens with incision(all laugh..lot).."
Cuong(laugh..) : "well meticulousness didn’t let me fondle her so easily bargaining you know so much emotions then now suddenly all the bushleaves of existence become more important(all laugh)” Zed(laugh) : “or just punishing(both laugh)..anyway Seth take care of yourself do you have the ring with you or thinking of Ceruliaan now itself like Cuo(all laugh)” Seth(laugh) : “have to shed off the strains so this day a date a bit belated you know mom can't know(all laugh)..” Zed(laugh) : “be careful there they’re humans(laughs a lot,Seth and Cuong burst into laughter) how are the compeers..” Cuong(laughs) : “your counter has countered the uncounterable too(all laugh)..along with your own beaus(all laugh)” Zed(laugh) : “well they’ve got some food for thought atleast(all laugh)..but be careful at Cerulean Cuo just the outside profession I mean Gu do go there..are they still getting support of their physique..” Cuong(smile) : “yeah more than so as you said they got my condition as much and was just about to doze all off in presence(all laugh)..so it’s ok a bit tired they are that is Ninjie very much refreshed,Giti is tired but Cozy is absolutely knackered had to hold Mulu twice hence all the more jovial(laughs) but even from centre they’re way more than enough for whole Cerulean Zed after all these years no matter us they’re dragons afterall(all laugh..lot)..” Zed(laugh) : “yeah sometimes it takes time(all laugh)..anyway good choice though repeat it there too it’s the gross redundancy(all laugh) anyway dears just take care nothing else..” Seth and Cuong(smile) : “no we will bro you know us(all smile)..you take care and return safely too bye..(Zed reciprocates and bye)..”
....................................................................
...(back at Lab,02:30)…
Daisy at first…

Daisy(frown) : “why are you back Ketchum” Seth(concerned) : “Daisy,please would you care to let me speak?” Daisy(scowl) : “go on but it’s 02:30”
Seth(concerned) : “um..just was getting the memories refreshed..sorry..but,I’m here to know whether you’re alright with Mulu’s choice?”
Daisy(extremely angry,shivering voice,shout): “you b.. that’s why you’ve returned huh..THAT’S WHY..”
Seth(dejected) : “Daisy please..(Mesprit becomes visible)..I’ve company whenever I’m seen at the lab today..it won’t be so easy please calm down..(Daisy cries)..your past if that was at all significant to you is long past all illusion unreal,the reality is Blasie and Jas for whom you’re concerned but I’m concerned too since I was informed without your name by your colleagues here given everything surrounding my bunch and it’s effects overall..you know the reality and you can understand my concern and I know both extremely well..besides neither you nor Lillie were ever what they’re shown to be and Violet is a benchmark herself to the whole world as to how to carry oneself despite all name and glory,Daisy please,what I told you about my travel companion barring Mulu at Pasio wouldn’t have seen today if I had that doubt if you wanted a clarification on it..Trace is Trace I’ve no words to describe his greatness and I’ll stop exactly there..about your real nature Daisy I know well enough what you are simply from the fact how you cared for my bunch even after..”
Daisy(shivering voice) : “Shut Up Ketchum!just shut up!..(crying)..you..that is your GREAT WEAPON isn’t it Ketchum our very own weakness that we just..(profusely cries)..”
Seth(sigh) : “are too sweet and tender at heart hence given we never had the guidance at a certain age rather all sorts of hindrances we couldn’t help it then in personal life NOT later and that was just because of your current husbands weren’t of the normal category at all I know them inside out you know about Brock,Trace and Gary only wanted the best out of their soulmates their reality that you and Lillie are now nothing more but at that age you didn’t get it quite and they too complicated their own cognition only now all gone illusion has no other words or expression to describe itself..they are more than your soulmates eternal and professional life is just your reflection and extension the soul the reality where again you all have been most successful hence no the pure logic says I no matter what never wanted to shift my bunch else easily could’ve couldn’t I Daisy..”
Daisy(sobbing) : “doesn’t matter Ketchum you being all conquering now will still just go to my hearts while we watch decapitated and tell them that..(again totally breaks down)”
Seth(sigh) : “and despite that my bunch will behave the same after that won’t they Daisy given everything that both you and I know the reasons for their current intelligence and state..”
Daisy(shivering,sobbing,bit loud voice) : “Ketchum don’t try to be clever you know don’t try that we both also know what they..”
Seth(sigh) : “Daisy I can’t be a two faced b.. with them in psychic channels you know that very well and today itself saw it when I tried to mix my human emotions on Mulu against them how they picked it up and intensified their pressure on my psychic channels and far before that how Quizzy brought Mulu in with Kimmie etc..they aren’t any different Zed trusts them to that level cause like him they directly sees the person first then their bunch and gradually tries to separate the two and deal with them separately my bunch doesn’t proceed in this way they mix both up then proceed hence Zed’s bunch are quicker to decide outside our profession mine inside..please just calm down my head wasn’t..”
Daisy(shout,tears) : “SHUT UP!who could create that mass feritonarsim wave simultaneously fighting off so many psychics of own bunch and yet we’re only given a shock no more is MORE THAN TRAITOR!(profusely cries)..Gary went outside just after you did breaking it as much as he could your bunch helped him only after initial stages or resistance thus only surpassed Kimmie,Arnie and Mippie and..(cries)..he wasn’t at all well as you returned ceasing even your own family away with you you b..(cries a lot)..what have you done to my baby..(sobbs)..”
Seth(bit agitated) : “alright may I speak then since Mulu would tell you anyway..” Daisy(shiver) : “yeah that’s what I want too,spit it out,why are you with my sweet baby and what did you mean with what you told Lil..you..(profusely cries))” Seth(concerned) : “Calm down Daisy..please..what I told her is what I got rid of from her baby sis today only..hence I needed to know the truth” Daisy(sobbing,wipes tears off) : “I know what you told Trace too and then today you..(profusely cries) explain it or else I’ll see how you keep your bunch here AND MY BABY WITH YOU(cries a lot)..” Seth(concerned) : “I’m answering,just stay calm..that wasn’t in front you know too Brock,Gary,Lillie all knows everything please it’s ok you know them..my travel companion at Pasio is an once only human being in hindsight that is the exact word that drives him I know and you know that extremely well..for someone like me who was egotistical and infatuated with a person who was equally infatuated with him won’t get that so easily..it took time for me not a lot but it did and you also know why..he won’t let his bro off so easily despite him telling him all time to leave him alone for sometimes after his break-up..it’s cause I wasn’t well either since then no matter what else you all wouldn’t have had to see today or the relations today or it wouldn’t have been the case that I wouldn’t have firmly told Mallow herself that I’ve found a better place..she is that place for me now and after 23 years there’s no doubts anymore in my mind as much true it is as my condition and my bunch..my bunch needed me and I couldn’t think of myself exactly how Mulu wasn’t in mind cause I had to focus on my bunch I became them and it continued till Hoenn Elite4 sometimes vigorous sometimes abated but only after Incie is what she is now could I respite..I desperately needed to be alone then for the sake of the whole world and my bunch too on the other side would’ve done the same even if hadn’t broke-up had to go to undercover but would’ve with much more protection and all and only after marrying her officially would I have been there and could end only now never before..I knew Mulu to be my wife since almost the first day hence those 18 years and then with everything else I would’ve lost my mind had I not been alone and then my bunch would’ve created a massacre literally and you know extremely well what I’m talking about being a 1st nomination holder in reality and having seen and managed Glalie and before than handling Sharpie all those years back..Trace won’t go away unless I hit him in that position which has been a curse in his life all cause you know very well too Daisy none can get a better big bro than him that I know more than anyone..Brock you know all about he too won’t go away unless I did what I did to him..it broke my heart more than I will be able to define what breaking and heart and me and my is but I went on as I did today cause I just told you..I will not till I’m sane prioritize anything including myself if my bunch has to be the casualty for the process and you know you will do the same no matter what..same way also I can’t stay separated from Mulu and neither can she as I’ve explained to you what you have had to see in these 5 years..I don’t believe my bunch can be a hindrance so big that I can’t have my personal life cause they aren’t any different to me Mulu didn’t realize that in illusion just like me I didn’t understand I should’ve been forceful with my own wife when I tried to rectify returning from Unova it was too late..but please it’s all long past now we both have got over our illusions so we’re back together and just the formality left to say we’re married which I’ll do in 2/3 days just the papers are required that’s all,as long as you and Trace,hey why don’t you call him here as well?” Daisy(shiver) : “he won’t till I’m satisfied..and I’m not and you know why..” Seth(dejected) : “Daisy please..I came to know about Blasie and Jas without their name just knew it when they first appeared in your and Trace’s mind Gary told me I knew my bunch won’t spare you did what I could..then categorically I knew that it was only you indeed who was their mom just after getting into Kanto and in the hindsight no matter what I was I was happy for you,them and Trace too too much only..I just couldn’t have been happier given everything now..please once Mulu can come or ready to call she will first up..you must’ve heard Violet called her she managed her well I was infront..but you and Violet aren’t same..please..she can defend herself against all barring you who has been her alternative for her..” Daisy(shiver) : “enough..just tell me what was the truth that made you insinuate on something that will only get those suspicions to be true and Zed to be false and no it’s not about my husband I have bigger concerns you know it more that anyone you..(cries)..” Seth(bit agitated) : “umm...Daisy please Mulu will tell..” Daisy(scream,tears,angry) : “I want it from you you p.. hang on a minute..(calls Zed from phone)..yeah I’ve forced him to stay here I’ll go to the end of this RIGHT NOW..” (Zed zaps in via Kommo-O) Zed(straight) : “go on both I’m ready don’t wait..” Seth(sigh) : “Alright,Daisy please calm down..please..I’m saying..please calm down..I had to know how much Mulu can bear with me,upto which level,and you can see the result..what I mean is that when I met her first then we all and you all me,Mulu and Gary were 17,Lillie was 21 and you 25..Brock and Violet were 24 and 23 respectively..you all were hugely talented and famous..I can speak for me only here without any comparisons that I only aspire to become what I say the medium notwithstanding and I admit it..hence only they foist themselves so viciously that’s my nature I can’t stay in duality I can’t get out of it it’s just my cry that’s all..sometimes one side has bitten me harder sometimes the others thus certain thoughts have come and gone and with that I categorically went onto satisfy myself by testing them..don’t get me wrong Daisy it wasn’t easy to call all my family since day 1 it was hardest for me to admit that anyone else except my mom was my own..when I realized Gary isn’t my flesh and blood and Zed was Zed got into the zone Gary got out I had to solve this problem somehow I knew but don’t know why..and then eventually the desires to satisfy which my current being has formed came along biting me hence I was in illusion and I tried all I could and found out this method that I call Palkian Chain cause pokemons came naturally to me I had seen a few Palkias too and then just caught this word chain cause they are said to respond differently if same thing can be told to them repeatatively without any change and shows the exact opposite behaviour if that is reversed..it’s cause of their powers to assume something and their too much reliance in it hence why I liked it and modelled it to express the reality as my Palki now says don’t know unless you know you’ve already thus don’t know yourself to achieve it by not achieving..it just means you’re in an illusion which goes only when the reality dawns upon one and thus to be in illusion knowing it to be so by trying to detach self from everything as that is what is felt all time caught up with me and I found the light I was waiting for..thus it came and no I had much to do with everyone hence the family and profession and all as I’ve told you had I gone out of it it would’ve been a different picture today..that is all Daisy I don’t want to crawl back 20 years ago when I was half my age when these last troubled me after too much mental reaction to too quck escalation of my ideas at Kanto finals..please I beg of you Daisy not today atleast..” Daisy(frown) : “cause today you threatened her to be with you..you’ve made her a scapegoat thoughout your travel and thus it’s not a travel but a relity isn’t it Seth..” Seth(sigh) : “Daisy if we visited Flexdijon..” Daisy(shout,tears) : “you b..,what are you pointing at..” Seth(solemn) : “that you’ll remain with Tracey and he only cause he is just you yourself the alternate form and the rest is same illusion that I’ve told you of..and it encompasses all that you know except him at their level hence at reality even he ceases cause he’s all pervading then the rest aren’t cause it’s just him then it’s you then it’s what you know nothing else..I had to get a view of this today as I had this belief with my position to Mulu and thus this went on..” Daisy(frown) : “what you’ve told me I knew from sides too we were in same situation albeit it didn’t require Palkian Chain ever..exactly what my problem is Seth nothing else and nothing will be exactly why I’m paraphrasing it so many times..I knew from day one who could address us and Mulu like that lives on extremes and I’m not assured of the other end cause you never did assure me that’s all..I know who you are in profession Seth and your bunch and your contribution but as a person I don’t know you never have that all..” Seth(sigh) : “if I talk about what Heracross says what would you do” Daisy(scowl,sobbing,tears,loud voice) : “Ketchum,you’re crossing..” Seth(solemn) : “exactly my point,you’ll see how much he can bear with you,I did the same with Mulu..her physical condition was the reason for her treatment not mental as the cause of that just has ceased..we all know in gross reality what we deal with with pokemons each moment and in my case it just proliferated to manifolds thus my desperation all the times and the places that’s all..if I’m lying shoot me later,I’ll be happy,now please,go it’s pretty late Trace will need you if they wake up suddenly..” Daisy(sobbing) : “Ketchum,Trace told me about that prescription you gave,my sweet little baby..I knew why she took up that route..she just..(chokes,tears)..” Seth(solemn) : “that’s my point,added two more with far worse effects a month after you confronted her with Chansbert to review..I have seen enough number games undercover she in the last few months tried to get her totally mad by giving her innumerably many extremely subtle poisons which I don’t know the names but can understand the effects as clear as daylight and Mulu is as you said Daisy in her core just a sweet little baby it’s imperative she never knew what is what and we were told the details only told by the doctors there..all to make her exactly what I told you of her when I said all those cruel words like a b.. Mulu was heading there and you can guess the rest and thus whether you all like me or not she’s not getting healed by any other means..” (Tracey comes out,shivering) Tracey(shivering voice) : “Seth,I..”
Seth(solemn) : “Trace,Daisy asked me of what you did the first month we first met at Pasio you know all of it since Pasio break yourself simultaneously told you and Brock that day later Gary examine it in front of you two no more I’ll say..”
Daisy(frown,shivering) : “he has explained himself to me Trace, let’s leave him,Ketchum you return home ok..don’t cheat on her the very first night saying you stayed here for too long,’night,come on Trace and Zed you can go too..”
(Tracey and Daisy Leave)
Seth(self) : “one down two to go(laugh),man almost said crossing that type of line(laugh) Gengar indeed my sweet sweet family(laughs then beams)..Palkian chain certainly works afterall doesn’t it bro or will they say you’ve wrote the script(laughs)..”
Zed(smile) : “then the chain will do what it does Seth..all the same ever present waiting for the illusion to come to an end that’s all(smiles,Seth broadly smiles and hugs him,Zed pats Seth smiling)..”
(then Seth break the hugs and smiles,Zed smiles and zaps out,Seth zaps out too) ...(Gary)…
Gary(solemn) : “Seth! You know who I was as good as me,you’ve just gone lower..” Seth(disappointed,laugh) : “who I was? And who I wasn’t? Gary that was till you were 13 and not even 14 and all of that was just childishness in a way the actual reasons we both know you wanted to test the theories on hand I never bothered as soon as I got the answer mentally hence you were accused of being show off and I was praised to all heavens which both of us know and knew then itself don’t bother about that part of our lives it’s long past useless for even longer..and also that incident too as if only because of that you have to always mention it and that incident didn’t involve one iota of your wish ever just who you are now is who you were even then and that’s the end of it and we both knew it then later and now atleast I know still and if you have any doubt about me you have every doubt but..(mild) why bro even yesterday you said I’m not the type to cheat around and just at my most difficult mental state so far in my life thought Lillie isn’t my sis and sis in law? Gary with all you around there yesterday I would’ve lost Mulu not got her back cause I wasn’t exactly kind to her if you know what I insinuate now with that prescription and healing” Gary(solemn) : “you certainly didn’t need to revisit your dark days among all and shake their beliefs first and second you certainly if had the normal cogitative power would’ve dozed those 19 little brats off first up..that is what it is Seth hence saying unless we wouldn’t have been different would we..” Seth(dejected) : “yeah Daisy extracted the full information at the presence of Zed but only got the Palkian Chain and you will get the same if you want to hear it the umpteenth time that’s all..” Gary(solemn) : “Seth you’re only harming yourself you see just as you were all those years ago..but you came out of that then which now you can’t no matter what cause no matter what your head has spun with all these landmass wide psychic subtleties quality independent that’s what it is psychophysically which is troubling you too much..Mallow needs her husband not a nerve wreck too jovial to even consider that others aren’t not exactly them as I told you last night and yeah that’s my only doubt about you..this sadness of yours you know best will break off as soon as you get a glimpse of your chain yourself then you yourself will laugh it off just as you did and do all all time but now you’re making the mistake to scream out loud in illusion that you’re deluded which you never did before cause then you knew now due to that psychic pressure you don’t seem to know that it only aggravates the illusion FOR YOU ONLY..that’s not going to help you if you’re wanting to stay in it cause you do just the most customized comfort level for you you seek we both know and the rest too..your wife is ok now may be but again you know best where she was and I came to know too from that point hence did what you in your real illusion told me as you do that is to do the necessities and I did that by writing a letter..hence Lil’s illusion totally gave in as well a bit quicker may be..and no I’ve had to be there after that as part of my family then and you know she truly had been diseased your wife nothing more I realized that once bigger troubles came around her from Frucifern cured herself just enough..always has and would’ve had you not continued your games of honesty at Johto too just as to prey upon her totally erasing her off in public if that press wasn’t enough..she lost it from there totally despite her comeback still from Unova..your wife needs her husband not this semi pokemon version of his no matter the psychic potentials cause you’re exclusive there we both know that and she didn’t want to understand that hence her troubles weren’t helped then and yeah we also know she has the potential but at the same time we know this too that anyone has that you just can’t foist it upon anyone that was your trouble then at Unova and now if you keep continuing these despite having realized much more of these now yet again try to drag her forcefully to your level it will be the same and for me Seth I don’t care for illusions cause they are so including my care or the lack of it but I would’ve let them know of the process as much as I could in details today itself as that was what I was preparing for Zed knew it you needed to be under observation Seth you weren’t well I could do that with my psychics but then you just messed up my balance so I couldn’t..but that would’ve never happened had you not brought up that shared child thing..that wasn’t my twin whom for whom I would’ve stood against myself today cause no matter the grand Gengar in philosophies that was you Seth not the reality..” Seth(dissapointed) : “well Gary to be honest with you,you see,you’ll go with Lillie to the end no matter the psychic subtlety and viseversa but you’ll be with me just till that moment cause the same subtlity becomes no more abstract there,thus Mulu wanted her husband not in abstraction unlike previous,me my wife in subtlity unlike previous hence our plight and no the psychic potentitals aren’t exclusive to the point she can’t be my wife anymore or can’t reciprocate to my force upon her to walk side by side in my spheres of subtlities in her own way cause had it been the case Gary why would’ve I been bother even if she or you were killed in front of me why Gary..why would I be bothered to scream on top of my voice throughout my life what is what had I made peace with it like any monk,like Zed,like Sabrina,like Marc,like Sakura like so many more that we know and you know and I know why Gary would I do what I did to myself despite knowing what is what in human form and no I know what you know and Zed knows and Mulu today has come to know fully finally but fully..that(extremely grave) it won’t matter Mr Oak if I scream in illusion or out of it cause Palkia won’t leave me even if Seth Ketchum does and I’m assured of it nothing else cause that’s illusion..” Gary( oy,broad smile) : “sorry I doubted you that moment bro I get you,no Palkia won’t leave you no matter you or me or she or family or anything else bro..Palkia doesn’t leave you cause that’s an illusion Palkia himself says so Seth..as do Butterfree as do Incie as do Guzzy as do Zeky as do Glalie mostly..long live Lenny Seth just that..(both hug each other smiling)..(few moments later,still both ach other)..I get you Seth,just that pain not having your eternal wife with you is the reason why the psychic subtlety didn’t snatch you away from us and her included,Mallow is special to you and you needed the assurance,I get you,and I surely know that in these many years how special she is-just that Gengar in too sweet form much like her Golduck or Jellicent and no matter what your confusion may be just don’t make her cry again cause you saw her can’t take that bit of pain at all unless you yourself tell her discretely,just don’t let her cry that much that’s all I tried to tell you last night..” Seth( ary) : “yes thanks bro,no she won’t cry but(laugh)..but um..the Mr Oak namecall is ever too funny that too doesn’t leave like Palki(laughs,Gary too laughs)..and Gary there wasn’t any other way for Gengars to scoff at the other unless they insinuate on their personal life thus my endeavours there..Mulu just my wife eternally hence the stagnation was most and you my twin bro forever eternally hence the stagnation isn’t of that type(laugh,Gary smiles)..and you know what Gary what I said derived that reaction from you only cause you still consider me as your twin and you yourself just have said that and so much you and I too heard about our soulmates themselves directly sometimes at our faces it’s just that the most dear and the associets so basically the same and about Mulu walking only well she was given chances man innumerable with 152 psychics at her nerves the psychic healing had to be done simultaneously with trying to unveil the Palkian chain as much as I got it and could as you understand her condition,my condition and what was at stake,and only cause of my buddies then did she become able to express her core and how many chances did you or Trace or Brock got absolutely none,don’t bother man I know all three of you are more than just my bros beyond eternity..we know about we being twins and my bunch and our goals and views of life and why Trace and Brock are our bros by every means as well it’s special man only thus I was so nonchalant ever to you then Brock and Trace..those brats would’ve made me literally mad had I not scoffed them off like that and you know what was at stake for me then what happens undercover and why I went there..Pasio break needed revisiting Gary exactly why I could be here today..I can’t express myself thus this illusion either and thus also what you three are to me in illusion and out of it thus as well as I said Gary..words are just so futile there to mean anything as Hoopa says surely he doesn’t live either like Kurrie no matter born or not(broadly smiles,same pose)..” Gary(same pose,smile) : “don’t bother Seth,it’s ok,the very secrect core shouldn’t be spoken being of that type(both smile and pat each other and then break the hug)..” Seth(smile) : “and special are all of you-Lillie,Daisy,Violet all of them as well Gary,first her bunch then my bunch is enough proof of also who Lillie is and has ever been Gary I still remember the first day I saw my elder sis as gym leader she faced me that little jovial sweet girl she is in reality that’s just your soulmate rest is illusion for everyone those who had but thanks for being patient with me..but(laugh) man if only DaisyDevil knew what I forced the two buffoons to go through twice(both laugh a lot)..I can never forget that stuff yeah we need to drink too(both burst into laughter)..man if you knew in details what I did with Laprie and Snorlie and then the rest then all the pseudo-legends throughout Pasio(both laugh)..that age was so for both me and Mulu that jackal has been unfortunate ever(both laugh) and patient is something that I won’t be Gary unless your Lillie flower behaves in reality not trying me once more(both laugh)..” Gary(laugh) : “yeah,it’s ok,Lil’s inside,still can’t get over what you said unless you fondle your sweet little big sis(both laugh)..just go and meet and just make sure she tries it but tomorrow(both laugh)..” Seth(laughs) : “yeah and you used to say she isn’t lunatic(both laugh) then added the word AS when we made you become that type of fanatic..rhymes saw vaulting in rhythm would have done same then won’t it any talented HONCHKROW(both burst into laughter)..” (Inside)
Lillie(crying,scream) : “you b..”
Seth(solemn) : “Please Lillie,don’t torture the little one,I know what you are to Gary and viseversa, don’t bother about a bonehead like me in his maddest moment,please stay calm,please”
Lillie(sobbing) : “you left Mulu in a place I wish I could throw you in right now you b..,I’ve never been hurting inside like today all due to you Ketchum and you had to bring up the darkest day of my life and then you..(profusely cries)..”
Seth(solemn) : “that day accelerated your travel to your soul a double negative but (mild) please Lillie,it was a moment of madness,I know how Gary has been since he started his final year at high school 24 almost 25 years back and it’s been 13 years that you’re seeing him first hand and what you two mean to each other since he was 17..please I’m happy for both of you and the future..”
Lillie(sobbing) : “enough Ketchum,enough of that..who told you about that..(crying)..and..and even if so remember Mulu was only intoxicated of hypnotized WHICHEVER YOU DID TO HER..(cries a lot)..no matter that you weren’t intoxicated when you said those..how could(uncontrollbaly cries)..
Seth(sigh) : “they appeared and were dissected in front of Brock and Trace and Gary was there too another day when he took another exam of mine..they know everything about me a true brother wouldn’t leave another the unless the reason was grave enough hence Gary reacted in that way today and Trace and Brock and all were to elicit that feeling out of them so that they live me alone cause if they my brats something and me another they will doze them off that’s all which I couldn’t spare them for cause Mulu needed them wasn’t well and reality doesn’t shine unless the body goes you know best Lillie what you did after that incident with Mulu,Zed told me today when Mulu was getting checked and we spoke in details then..same stuff you were in best health and it was on yourself not by your bunch whereas she was worst and you know my brats that’s all..I could behave with my 3 brothers the way I do and then with you all too all because it made no difference to me hence I never felt ashamed of you 6 and you know what I’m talking about..you all will remain myself this term atleast no matter myself or yourselves or both..but please Lillie enough for a day please calm down..”
Lillie(sobbing) : “I doubt you Ketchum,whether you truly want Mulu or not..you yourself now saw those stuffs and how that b.. got her hands on my..my sweet baby who never even wanted to..(profusely cries)..she couldn’t see any light the day you left her for road.. s.. Ketchum and then all cause of you I had to..(profusely cries)..”
Seth(solemn) : “check her cause in the darkness of unbearable confusion she was suddenly encroaching the one she helped most to show her inner nature without any hesitation,yes please Lillie,Mulu told me,please it’s long past forget that I ever said it..”
Lillie(crying) : “so you know the details too by minutes..(sobbing)..you’ve trodden the very core of my life,Gary,I can’t be..”
Seth(straight) : “you two are soulmates never else and that’s enough..and(mild) no,you don’t have to be without your soulmate nor is it that you can be or will be,ever,but unless you calm down,the whole family’s future will only stress Gary,please I beg of you,calm down,take rest..”
Lillie(sobbing) : “what assurance have you given Mulu..you..and don’t dare to nickname her..” Seth(sigh) : “well then I would say my wife has me for assurance...” Lillie(sobbing) : “don’t try to be clever Ketchum,you know more than anyone..(sobbing)..have you spoken to Dase?..” Seth(solemn) : “yes I have..she unlike you at no times believed in my activities so extracted in full details which I just told you during Pasio break what my three bros knew of me..you got it instantly cause of your personality and your experiences this term being diiferent in appearance to Daisy..but(mild) plesase calm down..” Lillie(sobbing) : “you also hurt grandpa like..” Seth(solemn) : “I’m going now,Daisy didn’t allow me then so have to sneak in..but please you please don’t jeopardize the future because of me,it doesn’t serve any purpose,please Lillie,your my Sister in law as well, don’t do this,I beg of you from the whole family’s point of view..please none else but mercy Gary and your future..please..” Lillie(sobbing) : “get out Ketchum and I’m never your relation or will be cause you yourself admitted what you are in reality and what you’re veiling yourself to be..Mulu will come out of her illusion and then you will understand what is what which you make a poor creature to say so jovially..(cries)..what were you doing there with all of us tormenting my little siblings like..(cries a lot)..” Seth(sigh) : “it’s just a way to get things the way I wanted my bunch and Kimmie,Arnie and especially Mippie were poking their nose in it despite me assuring them I’m stable enough..the proof I said was that despite dragging Mulu in I couldn’t be dual with them..” Lillie(shout,cry) : “SHUT UP YOU B..!JUST SHUT UP!..I know atleast what they can get and what they can’t and you’ve been cheating upon them for 23 years to achieve your devilish aim of being invincible..you f.. p.. you’ve left no stones unturned in doing so..(cries)..get the hell out of my sight now..” Seth(solemn) : “right but I told Gary you will cry a bit less just don’t let him down,bye..” ...(outside)..
Seth(disappointed) : “sorry bro,but I guess she’s a bit better now,just attend her too much it was sorry man really sorry..”
Gary(bit concerned) : “it’s ok Seth just needs time..I’ll handle her,but Seth I have that copy myself Trace you know those little brats would’ve tore it apart in too much glee..but are you assured man cause Chansbert isn’t just someone you know best from undercover..”
Seth(dissapointed) : “well mentally she has had the same realization that has brought me back to her and then yeah Henry care is the best in Kanto joint top along with Carusiras Clinic at Unova..6+ months in total,Gary you know me I’m a b.. and that’s why I could accuse you of all for not confronting Lillie that day cause you were the one may be on that very moment itself told me about the future..as soon as Daisy left,Mulu being Mulu went a step further and you understand the rest,I broke into her room as you know then saw those and even then she was intoxicated to a lesser degree took a sleep powder you know those you at party would never recognize and all to use Goldy and Starmie and then Jellicent just the idea of forgetting me which you know would be the one remaining the rest goes with sanity leaving her mad in the streets asking people if they were me by the end of this year would’ve been closer you know the intelligence that one would show and also if that one thought if automatically goes how quickly it can heal..Chansbert tried her hands at me during undercover and you can guess the results but what I told Mulu to be infront of you Chansbert was trying her hands at getting that Cerulean b.. to get literal as I would’ve become omnipresent for her(dejected,Gary pats Seth dejected)..Gary it’s hard you know when you know you will be making a difference if you jump the gun cause you have this and that bunch or power to do this and that and yet your wife is being slowly mutated to become a literal..(dejected,Gary hugs Seth)..”
Gary(smile) :”it’s ok bro she is your wife nothing else ever you said yourself so many years ago my dear during your Sinnoh break here to me,doesn’t matter I don’t care for my future or past cause she’s my present..”
Seth(dejected) : “yeah Gary I just wished I wasn’t a b.. like this too the present..no it’s ok bro,it’s ok just emotions(laughs sighing dejected,Gary smiles and pats Seth)..I don’t know Gary may be I did do too much for my capabilities today as Tutu has been telling me for all these years wrong channels of closure(laughs in dejection,Gary smiles patting him)..anyway,keep that prescription you or Trace,half to Kukui and if they don’t want her to be with me..”
Gary(  and patting Seth) : “it’s alright bro,it’s alright..’unnesseciate the necessary if the necessity is subtle enough’..your words Seth,don’t worry..Tutu like Palki doesn’t leave you either calm down..I realize what you were upto and how honest you were as usual..and no Chansbert wouldn’t have had it so easy to do anything with my little sis and sis-in-law too would she Seth independent of Zed even as given I was here still with your bunch who can work if I want them to as well to an extent enough for Chansbert’s juniors atleast..(laugh and pats Seth,Seth smiles and hugs Gary firmly still dejected)..I was just waiting for your career to finish as was Zed himself you know him best even today told me don’t act keep perceiving then only would the work be right with respect to dependent existence and hence I couldn’t directly do anything with an existing coustomer then and recently she did change everything in the gym as you know only Irene knew about her deeds a bit..Zed asked me once if I can check the gym contractually else he said he will force it shut as soon as she gets the hall of fame status and finishes the first month I said no then he said unless Seth finishes within 6th September I’ll shut the gym down and force her out to Platue itself accompanying her to Lance then Lance,Simon and Sakura will take the decision meanwhile I’ll myself run the gym there but before that nothing else to do till bro finishes let him finish but I’m assured she is on enhancements and may be Chansbert too but you know it’s not right to do anything without proofs and I don’t know her whereabouts exactly but only knowit will be Kanto only and for Mulu that’s exactly why this urge to change everything suddenly so I’m putting the second order here in disguise only our people our brothers and sisters our very own family don’t worry but that won’t stop her from personally visiting whoever she is but she thus can’t get certain things in the gym all alone so it’s ok will be fine with hall of fame looming here she knows it the best just wait till Seth finishes..and then you saw it was only our family itself in disguise he arranged then just cut off all channels of outside world as well by forcing the authority to take notice of illegal activities headed by him in the whole 11 city circle so Mulu was on lease without her knowledge but yeah she tried to do extreme stuffs but we had her covered atleast..you would’ve had to sit with me and open your heart on 31st itself Seth I was at Platue on 29th night itself incognito I knew my bro was losing it when when he asked me to call him by surname ever a joke with him..Lance just told me you coerced him to give all details of Cerulean and seemed interested about it just implied to me that something might’ve forced you to return to your eternal wife what she exactly is to you ever I surely knew bro(smile,Seth too smiles)..hence I straightaway returned..and about your legal procedures and bunch shifting,I’m here you don’t need to worry about any of that..and don’t kill yourself to just see whether your Mallow too follows others or you as you if not before but now surely know the result..Seth,all will be fine but I’ve just one problem if any and that’s just grandpa is 95 Seth no matter he..”
Seth( ary) : “I’m going bro..but just..(breaking the hug)..” Gary(smile) : “go on” Seth(dissapoined) : “you surely know why my bunch is at this situation and why they are with me and if I ever have been what I should be to them but you know what my psychic bunch can do and I’m sure with my matches you might guess but to be honest I did by Unown and Cresselia agitated you one day and Meowstic and Musharna made sure Lillie doesn’t wake up,Aromatisse,Gardevoir,Jirachi,Klefli,Mawile and Tapu Lele was making sure that Lillie is getting as much comfort and protection as needeed as it happens by that fairy softness and you know the rest and Reuniclas hid me from the rest of the world and Deoxys got me in with Uxie doing it for you while Unown and Cresselia looked after you and Beeheeyem for me,wanted to know the news that I heard about what I told Professor if you know and then Gary I did the worse I went furtherand queried what you think of Lillie that is like just as if any two random sample comes together and then goes off or like soulmates very special and that was done by gruelling you on flesh and blood and the physical beauty and mental virtues like good human qualities all this is to make sure you truly do want her and she didn’t foist her upon you and may be you have hesitation still I knew Lillie’s status as a star and all that she faced like Mulu herself did but Lillie’s nature is too sweet as I get it that outside is only to hide that in the apprehension that people may hurt her inside like that same situation as you were in personal disaster then that impossible talent with everything she ever wanted and thus the rest and I was suspicious still I knew the environment created at Cerulean and all about it and what will happen if I break off like I did and thus I never knew if my words to you had kinda alerted you or not as to what I meant I did mean carry on your work and if it’s really Lillie then just be that and be beside her and then you all were relieved and then after you Trace was gruelled in similar manner to make sure of similar things and then I got Lillie one day that was extremely hard but Gary believe me I knew what I was doing I’ve gone to my Heatran’s own home after getting her all by herself came for 2 days and Musharna was there for reviewing the process when my Heatran connected me to her pals at her home and I passed in certain timespans including breaks 3 hours with them in that psychic subtle stuff just to tell them I’m not cheating on their buddy who chose me and same thing I did with Incineroar but this time Lycie was my moderator and the time was 4 hours cause I hated this idea that still a psychic would be there to moderate even that much reservation I have from them hiding my intentions from my own buddy Incineroar and thus I know this was repeated with all 10 there at Kalos and thus I got Lillie when Cresselia,Unown and Meowstic hosted her,Uxie and Beeheeyem communicated for her,Musharna,Chimecho,Reuniclas made sure the future gets max protection in psychic channels when mom is in subtle state that her connection with him isn’t disturbed at all yeah my nephew mom said recalled the human form just (smiles at Gary,Gary smiles) and Gardevoir and Tapu Lele was there to give Lillie that comfort and I was hosted by Bronzong and communicated by Deoxys and Claydol hid me while Jirachi made your sleep sound,both occasions were inside your room and outside Celebi and Drifblim stayed on as guards and they know how to open and close doors cause I first went in there with subtle body and showed them how to open it you know them 6/7 trials enough and no none would wake up and outside on any occasion had max protection I had Dusknoir on Trace,Mismagius and Daisy,Diancie looke after Blasie and Jas,Confragigus on Professor and the rest staffs and guards and all had Gengar,Gourgeist,Sableye,Dhelmise,Marshadow,Banette,Hoopa,Darkrai,Malamar,Aegislash,Glalie,Jellicent,Spiritomb,Giratina,Ultranercozma,Latios,Hydreigon,Meloetta,Yveltal,Metagross,Chanedlure,Genesect,Rotom and Noivern and the whole lab no human or pokemon could penetrate and any calls or else was taken care of cause none would receive and my mom was dozed off by Mime and Chu was in the room with Togedemaru and Lillie’s side similar to you I wanted to know and all and her realtions with Mulu she was much influenced by her and then that situation due to me and all was ok the few brat names I know as well but no as much as you know about them me same nothing was hidden from you as you know and same as your case same stuff her situation was easy the query was just on her son is she happy now with given all just like an interview with a former star now no more active and the implications did the honesty part and you know subtle body anyway that is there and all and to be honest with you it’s just all because of the all sorts of apprehensions I’ve ever heard gripped me and infact you know Melody Sanders for sure I had ever much contact with her similar sort of attitude once went off the grid a brat cheated on her had to remove evidences and that devastated her now though very happy married double Kanto,now Shamrockmoss psychic specialist, John Harrison actually childhood friends at Marengo that stuff and Melody I ever recall cause 12 years after that had connection ever wanted me may be as a travel companion after Johto was insecured with her personal life I guess wanted me as a big bro in a way like May was so fortunate to have at Hoenn and same stuff barring her skills,May as you know needed her brig bros at first journey but in case of Melody I never bothered to remove the professional mask and even that was so much for her feel bad just that and Lillie’s case kinda similar but Melody was spoiled once stepped foot in Kalos which the Cerulean brats reminded me of on that gym challenge day..you remember that Pasio break and the Johto set up and what I was doing..Melody will be an integral part of my life and you know why..hence I ever feel so down that I found May but not in her case it hurts me just that..anyway,all psychic stuffs subconscious wanted to know those as I said and also if she knows news that I heard about what I told Professor if you and Lillie both know and then Daisy was interrogated similarly and no nothing went out of family wouldn’t have had as told you full ghost psychic gang around whole lab to create the invisible mixed cover and you and Trace had extra cover with two psychic at the doorstep of your room no human sane and alive could eavesdrop us passing through the walls and same as well today all in family noting went out for similar reason and today even if Trace came back would’nt have been allowed in that room still Marshadow was there for exactly that reason at the doorstep today and all cause this idea gripped me that I must get rid of everyone barring mom to see if Mulu really is my soulmate or just like a random sample from the mass by luck came by luck went so it’s just that if..” Gary(smile) : “Seth,don’t bother I surely know how attached your bunch is to you and the few names you just mentioned if not all and the methods you’re talking about is enough for us to know why they are so much attached to you and why the name Giratina of all dragons behaves like an irritating 7 year old kid with me for 3 years now with a Zeraora being added for 2 of those which name is no less a deal either(laugh,Seth faintly smile) it’s ok man you couldn’t say a word back to all when we sweared you and all those in those days ever saying useless to skirmish and that has stayed surely you are honest enough to be what you are to your bunch and your Mallow as well 5 years all these I surely get it what was happening inside you and you know best Mallow’s position,just enjoy the rest with her and us and all and no nothing is wrong with Lillie I know pokemons bro and hence I know what protection she had from the whole outside and nothing happened to your nephew either all fine just welcome back to family Seth and congratulations for marrying your 22 year long wife once more(laugh,Seth faintly smile)..” Seth(faint smile) : “thanks bro,but no I won’t eavesdrop anyone again using my bunch and no all of Mulu’s sisters are mine as much as well ever has been but it’s just that idea and illusion that gripped me I just had to be sure of my knowledge I’ve Mulu again and that’s all for me but also just that to confirm your belief is the fact that Kingler is here for longest you know full well that they can work independent of me completely so they will suddenly...” Gary(smile, oy,patting his back,Seth too hugs Gary) : “I’m Muk’s own bro and that’s your answer bro..and about your sis it’s only a few years Seth,she isn’t a so and so either hence just hope bro your starter himself is best help for you in this(laughs,Seth broadly smiles  im)..just have a chat with grandpa won’t be sleeping otherwise,and run back to your flower and also let me go to my flower now(laugh,Seth smiles and they hug and pat each other)...” Seth(smile) : “yeah thanks man,see you morning if I can(both laugh)..yeah starting beau for sure(both laugh)..just that Unovan b.. got upto my nerves(both laugh)..no I know I’m oscillating but such is life it’s hard you know(both laugh)..Lillie said you make a poor creature to so jovially say veiling which you roam around which today you had to unveil unto us the creature is Bulby of all brats(both laugh)..God bless her that brat treated Mulu psychophysically throughout yesterday(both laugh) with Whimsi to observe Baylie to assist(both laugh)..his one line summary is when you know what is what you make a mistake of knowing that thus you’ve told yourself something that you’ll retrieve only if you ask yourself what(both burst into laughter)..so yeah they have been unleashed to a different reality again at the cost of my sweet Gyarados(both laugh)..I’ve a beau,why are you not here with the police,Seth how could you call me Mallow..(both laugh)..same bug doesn’t go either Gary like Palki(laughs,Gary smiles)..and no your flower’s tone was similar as how could I insinuate on things(both laugh)..besides Gary I accused Daisy,Lillie and then Mallow of infidelity all said our husbands are our soulmates is it a logical self defense(both uncontrollbaly laugh in tears and fits of laughter)..Viol flower told Brock to shut up cause(laugh) all along you were tuning your feelings to be sharp enough to be alone making me feel always lone(both bursts into laughter)..so my sources one of whom is Oscar(both laugh a lot)..said this adding that well bro Brock approached her improfessionally then didn’t he(both burst into laughter)..man Flores is hardly alive if our bro and sisters ask her of her experiences each day(both laugh),Daisy flower’s antics were extracted from obviously Sarah of all people(both laugh)..um..why didn’t you tell us to close the door(both burst into laughter)..man the flowers are just so you know should’ve been a Gyarados each(both laugh)..no wonder all 4 of us are most heinous pros(both laugh)..and Chansbert was fed utmost density for 2 months that just get’s the difference to be the most enthralled(both laugh)..and no only the society can properly tell how civilization viewed the abstract version of Chansbert’s whole being(both laugh)..the compendium was a nightmare to them hence that plan and went to Zed of all people to test that first(both laugh)..day one prove to me that you’re not me thus I’m not you and thus I’m not your realtion already(both laugh)..then put out his daily notes you see I was intrigued too hence I wrote down my memories and went onto dissect everything including the feelings(both laugh)..the brat came out straight went into my room I want the truth(both laugh then smile)..then tried her hands on me ConHoopa was there my favourite since age 3(both laugh)..came out now living honest life too much known impersonally to Mrs Ivana Hesdil Infol of all sweet sweet people(both laugh)..Mulu herself was at Platue on 29th met her there just two others not of that type(both laugh)..didn’t feel anything that day seemed exactly as I told you not Mulu just Cerulean gym leader Mallow then saw a picture there at Platue after match said Mallow you’re so sweetie just like Gyarados rhymes saw(both laugh)..and the reason so far still your flower hasn’t disturbed us with this long suspicious talk is now here and was connected by me through that type of psychic channels(both laugh) I directed to stay at Lillie and make sure she is in a dizzy state to even want to get out of the room plese welcome out of invisibility my sweet little GitiGigus..(both laugh again,Giratina and Confragigus becomes visible and pester both a bit both laugh again)..just my ConTIna(both laugh) still thank yourself that Kimmie behaved well today and managed to kick him out of there today too surely he had his opinions on my psychic healing process Zed said you may keep each except this brat as I can’t gurantee you on this one as ever sorry man none knows how he brought up the 3 other sinisters like a Dveli(both laugh a lot and then Seth leaves on Giratina and Confragigus)..” ...(zap into Professor Oak’s room)…
Seth(solemn) : “Professor!”
Oak(solemn) : “Seth!see I'm 98 now but the children..” Seth(solemn,dissapointed) : “Professor I can go far more with my bunch don’t worry Zed’s bunch pushed me too much that’s all..and I’ve got nothing to hide from you,I dug a grave for myself which contained only me to see if Mulu jumps in that to accompany me or stays back with everyone else and hence the self created lunatic severity..Professor you know perfectly well her attitude towards me since she first saw me for absolutely no reason and no matter what she attained professionally later that attitude only increased by manifolds with each passing month I wasn’t there with her but in Unova a certain incident happened and subsequently that attitude just busted and I couldn’t control that cause that same attitude then seemed to me as exactly why I was subject to that very incident and thus the rift and thus my endeavours to publicly hunt down all future possibilities of the recurrence of that attitude to me and you know well that another such pushed me to lunacy with this endeavour of mine coupled with the requirements of being the master of 235 till I realized before going literally mad joining in the joy of the same but only 235 who are true to me to that grave I spoke of why not another time till I’m in the human emotions have the last test to confirm my very basic premise and thus..” Oak(smile) : “enough Seth!enough!enough explanation son,and just forget that we ever had this bit of a problem..” Seth(dejected) : “have you forgiven me Professor?” Oak(smile) : “Seth,when I bought this place your great grandpa was still alive I knew him well was very old but very sharp..your grandpa was against my endeavours he was for and then you know the rest Seth,your dad had been ever my son since day one here as well irrespective of his dad and he in the end too came in terms with us and we understood his side and he did with us..he was the same like his dad and son..ever desperate,ever natural ever the Ketchum’s,and the Ketchum’s and this town share a huge history,which you surely don’t know in full though you mentioned but I’ll tell you later in details..” Seth(solemn) : “Thanks Professor,but..” Oak( oy,smile) : “it’s alright son..you had to grow up with the person whom You’ve made your choice to be and I know your process..I know all the four of those sweet little flowers from Cerulean Gym very very well too,I’m so glad you’ve picked up the one for you,be happy son..that all..” Seth(smile) : “thanks Again Professor.” Professor Oak(curious) : “umm..Seth,just one thing for clarification only,if you allow me..” Seth(faint smile,dissapointed) : “Professor,please if you want my permission I’ll find no solace...” Professor Oak(smile) : “um..no Seth,just out of curiosity..” Seth(faint smile) : “ask whatever you want Professor,you’ll get the right answer according to my knowledge..” Professor Oak(bit concerned) : “thanks,Seth I know you were trash talking there but the colleagues and the staffs,in my case it was just around the time your grandma’ came to my life and I also wasn’t sure like you..” Seth(dissapointed,solemn) : “Professor I can’t forgive myself if you keep hovering over long gone matters like this..it was 65 long long years ago and was all about only 5 months only 2 other people were involved except grandma and all came to agreement and still worked together exactly here for the next 5 years..and it was similar to Brock’s condition the year I broke-up..just the darkness of illusion same for grandma too in a way thus it only helped you both..psychic subtles I know all from sources..had to confirm my intuitions on my relationship status with Mulu beyond doubt you know my psychic endeavours with my bunch since 17..I needed those..but,please Professor,the whole world knows who you are in soul and that illusion for both you and grandma and similarly for the other two was just that no more a few private chats never any iota of further involved ever anywhere..I know all..so it will not matter what some are preaching now in their abject delusion cause first it shows they might’ve wanted to get involved in similar situation to get itto be the most enjoying(laughs,Professor Oak too laughs shaking his head)..um..sorry Professor(concerned,dejected)..it’s just that you know what I have to handle..um..(chokes,concerned)..” Professor Oak(laugh) : “yeah surely I know man don’t bother this is what makes you most enjoying atleast to your Gyarados(laughs,Seth faint smile)..” Seth(solemn) : “no Professor still if an egotistical so and so like me tries to..” Professor Oak(smile) : “no,Seth don’t bother to explain..it’s alright.I have buried that exactly those many years ago and as you said it was buried by all then and there including your grandma,but Seth that’s my point,I know that the psychics can but still to the point how did you know the names..” Seth(grave) : “Professor the psychic part as you said you know is more than me I know that but there’s more to me I don’t know how I can react so well to them infact you know my starter bossed me around cause I was his little bro and still does even more but differently now so not around me whole time and you know the whole bunch does thus their condition they take me as themselves I don’t know what they mean by that or their antics and words like I never know about Muk himself and you know more about all but what you may not know cause you haven’t see him for a long time is just that Charizard’s current evolution you know highest level X mega and then there’s Dragonite and on either with my other dragons and ghosts it’s a matter of all sorts of subtle bodies and thus the travels at impossibly high pace which will allow me in 5 hours to travel from here back to here around the world if they can thus once I heard the newses and you know I’m in demand now each moment cause people can’t control their legendary greed so I have informations and once I was hellbent on creating that hell I travelled at that pace and used all subtle bodies to enter all places and conditions to push all people hallucinating the rest of the world out and even may be channelizing myself into them as much as my bunch can push me and then using my own stuffs to push them in dreams in other situatins and so on when they are or if not making them so the vulnerability and all to extract all specific informations upto names if they remember that and I can do a little bit without my bunch as well but that’s just if my subject on own is honest a word that with me may be..” Professor Oak(smile) : “Seth,enough,I know about the honesty part in you..” Seth(firmly) : “um..sorry but please allow me professor...(frimly),due to me there won’t be any black shadows over anyone,the Source was Professor Kirk himself,and as I actually got him may be a month before he died..” Professor Oak(solemn) : “I see..”
Seth(solemn) : “wasn’t in good health but at home went there one day with Gengar,Sableye,Drifblim,Dhelmise,Mimikyu,Shedinja,Confragigus,Dusknoir,Ultranercozma,Aegislash,Mismagius,Banette,Decidueye,Marshadow,Blacephalon,Oricorio,Spiritomb,Chaneldure,Glalie,Jellicent,Rotom,Gourgeist and Hoopa-I had Rotom to host me and Oricorio linked me,he had Marshadow,Banette,Hoopa and Mimikyu to host him,Dhelmise,Shedninja,Gengar,Glalie,Jellicent,Drifblim,Dusknoir,Confragigus and Ultranercozma to look after him and Mismagius,Gourgeist,Spiritomb and Sableye did the internal linking,Decidueye and Aegislash hid us completely and I had still Chanedlure,Diancie and Blacephalon as a backup for Professor’s safe passage and Meowstic and Chimecho was there for my safe return purpose and then Celebi and Unown were there still just outside the room door to give the outer layer of protection by means of hallucinating everyone off if they came around and still had Claydol,Beeheeyem,Mawile,Magearna,Gardevoir,Musharna,Bronzong,Uxie,Deoxys,Tapu Lele,Mewtwo and Cresselia to doze the whole place off and to create a psychic wall over the whole house by disturbing them on the then I still had Giratina in my room itself if still even any subtle body or so comes aroud he will take care of them while Latios and Hydreigon was linking with Chimecho as was the whole place as he was the communication centre of the whole process while we did the internal communication Chimie was managing the accessories from outside while Meow kept a tab on me myself what I was doing if I was being to hard or serious in their word or so..and our condition and then I forced some of my questions and the ghosts made him uneasy inside his head to compell speak the truth..I also left a note detailing my actions and reasons as much as I thought was right without any particular mentions of name or place or time or methods or anything like that..his son contacted me after his death,he came to agreement with this fact and didn’t have any resentment for me rather was happy that before his time here this term was up I rather helped him to be all happy in the last moment as well if he ever had a problem with it to begin with that is..that’s all that I have as an atonement and you know it’s just 2/3 weeks back I went just after my last match with Lance..you know my level the best and what they can do..a numbered few among their species have ever come up to the level that they’re at or may be they’re themselves the new benchmarks..and I suspect they are getting better every moment and you know they can’t breed due to their heightened powers,and I don’t know why but they just don’t bother and take me as they themselves and won’t leave my side by any means despite my own actions to them,all of my bunch has given their lives for me and just so happy and content with this fact and you know Butterfree and this his 3 generation or so..stays here after being 1 month with me a bug type gave up that power to heighten intelligence and Ribombee and Butterfree can’t be compared we all know in this respect,Pidgeot all by himself returned here though yeah he used to but now permanent and same breeding gave up and you know those who do similar intelligence as if they didn’t and Squirtle and Charizard even doesn’t stay here all time..(grim)..Professor I’m sorry if I’ve cheated upon their trust but I was..”
Professor Oak(patting Seth,smile) : “Seth I know your bunch,what powers they pocess,it’s equal to that of the very highest legends known and that too if they are trained for years by best trainers and not in wild,they’re pokemons yet they show such strange and heightened intelligence,I know their sacrifices and mostly I get astonished by their carefree nature and joy that you’re beside them only that is enough for them..Seth,I know pokemons,unless the trainer is extremely honest with himself they won’t show this character ever and(laugh) only 4 among 235 can breed and do still till may be they decide otherwise(laugh) and even there’s strange things like your Charizard only one partner despite their general nature,Squirtle and Bayleaf same as him and the only difference is Heracross but then again(laugh) she is unique as well cause she has infinitely many legal or illegal beaus but her whole family is only with one as well(laugh) and none of their partners by any means are below tremendus intelligence level themselves except that of Heracross(laugh) and still neither Bayleaf nor Squirtle nor Heracross has breeded since you returned from undercover and one season has passed now as you know only Charizard as usual once but that’s just his second time and you know his ways to approach a date are too mysterious(laugh) and a many has given up after once or twice even may be while at wild and here at lab only Marshadow and Ribombee did breed once each then Lapras and Pidgeot both came back after doing so twice each outside..then same for Squirtle and Bayleaf so far only Heracross did it twice too which is just so unreal but I don’t belive Seth that they are going to do it again for some reason they just feel better at this state in the middle as their compeer Darkrai says(laugh,Seth smiles)..and then each of them give us their great grand wisdom on these(laugh) I know them Seth and all that total robots with hearts of true friends,family but to say the actual word just Gengar(smile,Seth faint smile) hard to find such 235 humans if not impossible in general(smiles at Seth again,Seth also smiles faintly)..they are a once only bunch just like their trainer..and when you said I want better translators all those 21 long years back I knew who you were dear..just as you say Gengar(laughs patting Seth,Seth smiles)..but now you’re opening up,I am being rude to you now but now you can understand my own curiosity more..so”
Seth(smile) : “Thanks professor and please,you just question me all you want whole lab can be immediately infested with my bunch no trouble of sleeps and for me the same Mulu too has company..”
Professor Oak(smile) : “I’ve always had this doubt but forgot always to ask you but the start was Feraligator I guess of this bossing around nature cause Pikachu I knew too special the later part I’m saying the beginning now after your formal career what you think the reason suddenly cause surely you and they are getting better each moment and thus you do have an idea I guess..”
Seth(thoughtful) : “well I guess it’s all my luck that I’ve had so many pokemons to being with who were extremely unique like Chu to start then Bulbasaur is one and then Muk and Mime and so on then after my Battle Frontier Victory Feraligator himeself strangely said like he’s not happy and via Chu I interpreted and Chu said he wants to be in the lab not with me I asked Feraligator directly do you want a second master or do you want to return to your own place cause till then he could breed but didn’t till then and he was dissapointed and told me he’s unhappy to battle but will never leave me he feels sad that he battles so much and he wants to play more then Chu says that he wants to play to battle more and to this Feraligator was so happy said yes and Chu said that cause he was bossing me around so added that battle part himself cause that was going on in his own mind since day one and now Feraligator was speaking his mind so to him in some way must have realized that Feraligator too wants that relation with me and you know how strange my Fraligator has been since day one(laugh,professor oak smile) so then I was bit surprized but came back here and tried to keep Feraligator at Cerulean for a week with Chu but after 3 days Feraligator was agitataed and first time another pokemon like Chu said that this place is boring I want my bunch they are way better and then I realized it’s a matter of Feraligator’s own nature or may be even he hasn’t breed and the few Feraligators present there weren’t of his type so send him here then Trace and Gary told that he unleasehed and similar to him so many wanted that and they assembled togethger and Feraligator became the central figure cause he revolted first and the rest you know what Crawdaunt did and then that 2.5 years of madness with battling each half moment and that pushed their power and then later when they understood that they’ve reached the maximum possible themselves became so happy like as a human if you know you’ve done whatever is there nothing left to even wish for and so happy like the perfect happiness despite may be a very unsatisfactory life you know best what I’m trying to say Professor way more than me(Professor Oak smiles and Seth reciprocates) and I guess my help to them was that I couldn’t anticipate and they were at bay all the time against weaker opponents but I wanted to know them and that’s why I was out so they liked that and wanted to show me themselves what they were and thus that 2.5 years and now I guess they know what they can and can’t so well that death is so natural to them now they don’t bother about anything and so happy I guess it’s a stage where in general they know what a pokemon life is in our way being human to understand that all one can do is to be honest to the self and thus reciprocate to whatever comes to the best possible way and that’s all about being a human and I guess the way we understand it somehow an inferier version is possible for them and thus they know everything in general terms and not by their own nature as a limited being like we know what deceit is in general not as that how I can be deceitful and thus can detect that in others so that’s what I guess they are doing the happiness is similar if we realize that in human way as I said and you know far better and they can be so happy cause they can detect that unless they have a reason to fight they have no reason to fear anyone and you know best that battles are possible cause we want that not them and that’s what by bunch has broken so that they really don’t want to battle and thus the match won’t take place and if the opponent does they will fail to not give that idea up and thus will lose no matter who they are but if they are say a Mexutu they will join the play turning on their own master and else they will run back to their master saying we can’t battle at all and those among my bunch who can breed has the natural instinct of choosing and all but to my utmost antonishment they say it’s not that there’s not another(both laugh) and you know that means if such a natural situation arise and I’m against a herd of Bayleafs and mine has to protect me she no matter the season will say the same(laugh,Professor Oak smile) I realize that’s their bond with me and the other things that we do to mitigate that need in them but you know they don’t understand that and still don’t bother at all saying lab is enough(both laugh) I guess it’s the pokemon version of the elusive human life of extreme honesty and thus total joviality as if so happy to just be a human no more and that I guess somehow in them reflects and you know why they aren’t like normal animals and all I guess it’s strange but that’s the case and I guess Professor you’d agree that my Feraligator will not be afraid to face 100 Raftosmoric if he knows neither he nor me ever disturbed them and they are only controled by a greedy person or being directed to attack us thus I guess unless I want them really to battle they will not and to be honest(laugh) at their level after 2.5 years of only mental battle(both laugh) if they face a Ghostradarkarrigussonor even they may say and this actually all says that the food is substandard(both laugh) so even if I want them to battle they still won’t bother unless I feel physical threat because I think they want to kill me which you know no pokemon does unless told to no matter what cause they don’t understand this thing as killing naturally abused pokemons just interpret their masteres and injures at the best that they can so thus if I’m not scared then no pokemons can kill me in natural situation cause they don’t really want to if they don’t have a cause that I my pokemons has disturbed them or I have and you know best they don’t understand humans so not natural enemies and thus they won’t undeestand why I’m at their place if I don’t harm their children who is return will feel no harm at all if I don’t hit back and their way of checking humans which makes them pokemons is satisfied and thus when the parents charge at me they will themselves tell that they want this toy(both laugh) and pokemons being that will try to check me and if me and my bunch is right they will themselves hug me to death(both laugh) so it’s no fear there and my fear will be the greed that forces a man to go mad and then I’ve physical danger from a human not pokemon then my bunch will attack them if I’m that much uneasy and myself want to kill the person not just injure and then that is a trouble cause that to my bunch means finally standard food(both laugh) and that fear was why I was always like during battles what I am in press(both laugh) but thus currently that they too are so(both laugh) now they are my masters and their pet name for me if translated sorry for language but they in between their attitude is like ,’why are we told to be disciplined is the masterbrat battling again against total ididots’(both laugh) and infact even if I force them now they literally scoff at me and the only time they are serious if I’m too much and like today really mean it and they give their opinions on the whole world in relation to them and me as they see and I just have a few ghosts with me all the time for such reports on things(both laugh) and infact today they saw Mulu and you know both our emotions later was telling me why I was so serious(both laugh) you know what I mean just so funny and also my protection as well they are(both laugh) so that’s all Professor I guess my condition forced Feraligator to open up and thus the rest agreed and so on I guess my bunch has mastered and thus so happy living a honest and carefree pokemon life that they have mastered the pokephilosophy(both laugh) and thus are what they are..Chu alone is a Lightenthunstorm max normal level more same as Luxray and no that is self destruction mood which will kill them but you know legendary fights they don’t battle like that and neither will my bunch thus that 2.5 year of mind games and hence their language(both laugh) and now no intention of battling at all..but Professor Chu’s hidden power and intelligence was the reason for his eratic behaviour I guess?”
Professor Oak(smile) : “yeah pretty much,as is Muk(both laugh),and I later only found it out intuitively after handing him to you,but I couldn’t take him back from you,you somehow always enticed me with your sweetness and behaviours with you Pokemons Seth and I can now proudly say you deserved Pikachu more than anybody..”
Seth(smile) : “um..thanks Professor and no also that all people on whom I ever used the psyhic or ghost subtle stuff like that were ok I’ve passed 2.5 hours with my 2 day old Heatran at his previous home who hosted me to connect to his compatriots there in psychic channels 2.5 hours including 5 minute breaks in certain span I had Musharna who just reviewed my Heatran’s process cause he was 2 days familiar to me(both luagh) and thus all else 11 from Kalos came let them know what their buddy was doing with me and my intentions thus my confidence and then I went to Incineroar’s home with now Lycie modertaing for 4 hours or so can’t recall just was a great bash(both laugh) so I had the conviction in myself Professor but still it’s..”
Professor Oak(smile) : “son,it’s alright in last 1000 may be none ever did that and in next 100 atleast none would unless your future shines on your profession as well(laughs,Seth smiles) I congratulate you again Seth for having Mallow and(laugh) all the trouble was that the marriage you talked about,why this 22 year due eventual didn’t take place exactly then(laugh,Seth smiles and blush)..I’m very happy for you two that finally you’ve come together and agreed to marry.I’m overjoyed.”
Seth(smile) : “um..thanks professor..”
Professor Oak(bit concerned) : “but um Seth Gary just told me you went to Henry Care but the substances..”
Seth(smile) : “no Professor it’s just depression her own wish 4 months or around only those triggered Daisy and Lillie to do what they did to my mom,May would’ve done the same and no it’s ok now the psychic healing I guess you might’ve guessed seeing Unown and Quizzy,yeah 132 used with Bulby as doc and Baylie and Whimsi as assistants,still didn’t have to force Mulu right into the clutches of Crawdaunt(laugh,Professor Oak smiles) Quizzy was left only with Glalie suspended at home(both laugh) you know her Professor herself volunteered just was expecting the ring all along nothing else(smiles,Professor Oak smiles and pats him)”
Professor Oak(smile) : “yeah so you also have to agree that officiality is indeed important(both laugh)..(curious)..by the way,her Golduck atleast surely is unique like you bunch and is there more I guess the Gyarados and Jellicent..”
Seth(smile) : “yeah Golduck surely and Gyarados was well my channel to learn Mulu’s everyday life for 8 years so I know her(both laugh) and Jellicent I know pretty well since late Pasio was her last or may be penultimate there and I myself have a Jellicent so yeah looked too perceptive really same level as Gyarados indeed if not Golduck but may be that’s cause Golduck I know too much(both laugh)but I just hope that Gyarados and Jellicent stay sane(both laugh) especially Gyarados cause if that natural rage like our Madgaleo (both laugh) is reversed the gym will have problems(both laugh)”
Professor Oak(smile) : “enough explanation son,but just one more thing,the staffs I guess,Apollo right..?”
Seth(bit dejected) : “yeah well you know recent troubles regarding this lab- where people even in your field are power hungry and ego and greed and all that are trying to jump upon you of all and Trace and Gary of all people after whom Team Rocket was mad suddenly becomes so and so..he can’t forget that and chews it at even this age..not me my sources and you know one normal pat at the back and will get that out..you know my activities from Lance..”
Professor Oak(smile) : “Seth,enough said..I know perfectly well who you are and that’s enough for me..but you know just for your customery professional advice(laugh,Seth laughs as well) don’t mingle with these dreges that every society has they live in somewhere else and don’t want to recognize anything else and just that you got your wife now FORMALLY(both laugh) so just forget them your name and all did threaten them enough to give 500 arcs is enough now(laugh,Seth smiles)..it’s much late now,sorry for holding you here this long you better go,see you tomorrow son”
Seth(smile) : “thanks Professor much of that and no I was rather dissapointed that why would people turn on you of all and that’s all but yeah you’re right as ususal it’s just that better stay planets apart(both smile) and yes thanks again Professor..but I’ve got a few more things I’ll tell you in brief 1.I’ve got a little bro Dave found during undercover my lackie that has been roaming around with me here(laugh,Professor Oak smiles) Mr David Nofcun,Pokemon master hall of fame my undercover colleague, he’s just as much a bro to me as May is my sis,6 league champ,7-0 hall of fame beat Lance 4-6(smiles,Professor too smiles),Celestic Town,Sinnoh,parents into abstraction at 15 due to Team Rocket’s activities accident,great family wealthy very much got that support from uncle and aunt and cousin big-bro and the speciality of Dave and his whole family is just Brawn(laugh,Professor Oak broadly smiles) faced me 1st round Unova as you may know,then suspicion,then colleagues his sentiment to go under you realize and is a huge name as you know all knows him now extremely good battler as much as Percy,Marc and Lubos if not Lance no matter his result against him but with all due respect to Lance Dave is still only a sweet littler kid unlike him who’s little only(both laugh) and he found his soulmate Zara during undercover,researcher 11 years his senior,was working for team rocket’s fake corporation cases unbeknowst to her completely a brat her supposed friend got her in that hell but as the play of soulmates would have it happens the eventual,jumped in here with me won’t leave both of them my side this life wants to settle here and actually it has been 5 year of bonhomie that is(both laugh) but you know I want to be Gengar literally and couldn’t cause of Mulu thus now can(both laugh) so after that bro vs beau press of that type(both laugh) I was just thinking 3 more Elite4s left barring this then Kukui lab and Gengar cause I’ve got nothing to do here at human plane then Dave goes was doing Kalos as well due to schedule and says halt none but me and your sis-in-law still left for you this term atleast(laugh,Professor Oak broadly smiles) so that was the cherry on the cake and since then just bros(both smile) and Zara his other half is just like Drew but unlike him much more civilized siblinghood I guess you know a bit that he was tested for certain reasons by me for 4.5 long years(Professor Oak laughs saying,”cultural education course has that read it yeah”,both laugh) and Dave having done undercover deserves double hall of fame will get that as Kanto thus will be here and you know Marc and Lance and I know Lubos(both laugh) and thus whole 11 city extended circle on the southern side of Rainblue Hills I’ll get no matter what annexed with this lab(smile,Professor Oak smiles as well),Zara will be there as well and as I said she is my sis as much as well and same sort of personality as May too smiple and sweet and Team Rocket again by double negatives delivered(both laugh) the whole area means Oak labs now has supreme authority over any activities meaning atleast no team rocket is coming up till my generation is alive(both laugh) and the main centre here will get the 6235 arcs full max the residences and else and I want Brock and Violet to be here as well whole family and we will need him then anyway(laugh,Professor Oak broadly smiles),and I’ll move to Cerulean anyway,so my house there if given will make it better and I would offer Dave to be there and you know I can’t battle so it’s more hectic schedule for me whole world will want me except my bunch though(both laugh) it’s like going to school now with them even Chu and Mime(both laugh) and 9 cities cup will be under Dave’s control and the Frucifern gym will be under one of either my or Dave’s lackies we have combined may be 4000 contacts(both laugh) and mom chooses either the gym or even with Dave but she will be we all know too happy to agree with me taking Dave as if 5 and finally will be at the lab itself in renovation and Gary and Lillie needs their mom or aunt and you your daughter-in-law or daughter as well physically present with you all the time so that is also there(smile,Professor Oak boradly smiles and pats Seth,Seth smiles) and yeah you sure know how Brawn’s son will propose his soulmate and how that turned out to be my baby Dawnny(both laugh)..yeah my sweet baby doll is as you also know out of illusion now and Mango said recently showing signs to pardon her big bro so yeah with all this I have a nice feeling Professor just that(smiles,Professor broadly smiles)..and all will be surprizes from my little bro to his now olden bros like Trace the jackal and Mr Oak of that type of Gary Oak(both laugh) then Brock you know just so naive(both laugh) and Daisy and Lillie you know more I was loathed more love my bunch got(both laugh) and Violet whole world knows as do Mantines(both laugh) so I just want it to be surprize and they are still rightfully incensed with me have been to both of them Gary took 2 words again to realize and not the quote anymore was necessary(both laugh),Trace will take time being a wicked personal fox(both laugh) now a dad too(both laugh) and Brock too cause he’s out of water not actually(both laugh) and Daisy has been really hurt spoke twice again needs it and hurt mostly cause not of these but Trace wasted her two great years(both laugh) Lillie is hurt the most but spoke to her and Gary will manage tomorrow morning the surprize with a false alarm you,Myla aunty,Larry and Lenny at your own leisure(both laugh) and yeah Mulu wasn’t well at all you know was going to Chansbert’s den at Flexdijon and all to forget me psychic healing today required hence that much time and all the preparations and all and the act was done by 132 of my psychics and Bulby,Baylie and Whimmy were the Doctor and two assistants still didn’t have to use Crawdaunt to make it 107 to not give her the key to unlock the secret of 105 and 107 from 132 that I want to marry her the words are to heal her and see her soul just that play to remove the zero in in-between(both laugh) you know her was already 65% cured once I proposed her 38th time(both laugh) and then took her to Henry Care at Marengo the real date was done there at hospital resutant ever the calmest(both laugh) but can I get the passcode for Trace’s phone cause I want to pester Brock with nasty jokes to begin their psychic healing(both laugh)..”
Professor Oak(laugh) : “yeah,I see fully Mallowvious(both laugh)..well Torrie will be too happy to move in here and I’m also too happy to get my daughter finally to babysit my grandson and daughter full time(both laugh) and well David Nofcun I’ve seen his match with Lance and Lance told me about him as well many times about the trainee Brawn(both laugh),great incognito Team Rocket makes even Brawn to dress like that(both laugh) I’m overjoyed as well to have another grandson(both smile) and grand daughter-in-law as well literally(both laugh) and yeah this all extension simply means Frucifern must finally agree to join us after may be 40 years again(laugh,Seth smiles) but yeah well I understand the hurdles but actually just Reshiram I guess(both laugh)..”
Seth(laugh) : “yeah,too safe with Kalos and Sinnoh behind with Unovan adoration and Lance and actually as you said cause of Reshi with Giti and Confra..(both Giratina and Confragigus become visible and pester them a bit then again becomes invisible,both laugh)..and yeah will be the same I hope for starter lab cause I myself know so many people and yeah what I’ve just told you you surely understand the Gengarian philosophy of extended family and friends(laugh,Professor boradly smiles then both hug and Professor pats Seth,Seth smiles)”
Professor Oak(smile) : “just so much overjoyed I’m to have so many jems and mostly you back again in a much better self and naturally after 23 years of eventuality(both laugh)..yeah,the passcode(both laugh)..and yeah keep Confra here need to sleep only after a brief cause today’s psychics that I smell my dear son,aren’t at all too less type specific(both laugh)..”
Seth(laugh) : “and this one still..Mesprit becomes visible(both laugh)..yeah was here whole day one for you as well as an extra for Gary in case I lost control over my brats and still Kimmie was there to ward off her sisters but you see behind me there in the middle Arnie was kept without the knowledge of the whole world(both laugh)..ever sends me to the most dangers(both laugh) and Arnie is there still out as is Kimmie and Mippie has already taken a trip after I went to Marengo with Mulu then again was back short breather six hours of cultural discussions(both laugh) and well you were present then Glalie was on Lillie flower and Mime was on Daisy flower and no I am sorry for that no matter I did cross the line but I enjoyed it cause I thought just damn it I know their flower business since 4 and 8(both laugh) no really Professor I only afterwards understood this cause it was ridiculous what the husbands were discussing and what their flowers were during their younger days(both laugh) my flower didn’t even allow me to gauge her moves(both laugh) anyway this brat would’ve only become visible when her time would’ve run out but would’ve made sure none could track her cause would’ve been out while you nicely slept(both laugh) had I not called this plan was set for me only to change(both laugh) which infact did change as soon as I called many psychics in while you all were inside then right after me and Mulu got in..this pest was alarmed herself cause the additional information was if you’re ok but I’m not then not to lose track of me(both laugh)..and I was almost about to loose it when those 9 brats stood there this pest checked me as usual twice or thrice(both laugh)..and no I wish I could say sorry that Daunty dozed you off again(both laugh)..but no still I as you see as I went off from the lab was back after knowing that you will be kept dozing off and just as I told them to relieve you was at you again(both laugh) so called her now as she would’ve reciprocated only when she picked up both our moods were according to her logical enough(both laugh) and no Zed included(both laugh),so will be out now and no you can see not before I am(both laugh) and Arnie ofcourse is sharing his venerable knowledge with Quizzy the other observer of the psychic healing process that was Crawdaunt(both laugh)..and Kimmie is narrating the next steps you all must take to become more sociable(both laugh)..infact that brat Arnie detailed my condition to this one here to deepen her intuitions(both laugh)..and no the pad delivered just amusingly once more as you know translators helped my moods like nothing today so yeah Lenny will have to better it only I want phrases like jumping into ocean with Marill(both laugh) but beyond everything Professor just see how audacious still 3 against 235 and one damn brat against 66 plus 2 psychics and none of them infact listens to their master crook(both laugh) atleast they respect me(both laugh)..”
Professor Oak(laugh) : “but no matter what they did atleast did some psychophysical activity unlike their compeer HUMAN(both laugh a lot as Seth says yeah just hope he isn’t just outside the door the mat is green still)..”
...(10 minutes later,wakes and calls Tracey Up via Giratina)..
Tracey(dissapointed) : “Seth,we didn’t leave you then and wouldn’t now but..” Seth(dissapointed) : “exactly the leeway I recalled..it was good you weren’t there Trace,I couldn’t have ever forgiven myself if I said those to you of all people who came here 18 years back only due to me ever saying two nice words in 1 and half years of constant demands and suspicions of all kinds and I would’ve lost you if I ever said those Trace but more would’ve Professor and Gary and that would’ve been unbearable the culmination..” Tracey(dissapointed) : “ Seth,as you said I know you for 20 years,what happened,you tell me and that’s all..and no,I wouldn’t have been lost not this term Seth no matter what atleast not in my core no matter my outside cause when you were going on that day in your own room all I recalled was your demands were to your two big bros one of whom was me at Pasio and the same demands were there I recalled..the suspicions were your age and unfamiliarity to what you came to know after just 2 months with your practises and ways and contemplations over your bunch of the psychophysical barriers just that I saw myself what you were doing with everything that was yourself and I knew extremely well that inside your heart I was more than your own bro to you cause you kept pushing me to my limits just to follow you to see if I can in your way that’s your ever atititude with me and nothing else..a man who at 18 can come up with that in 2 months and then at 20 again twice can come up with those and Brock bears witness to your bunch at Johto,Mallow yourself..both said in unison you barely managed to not kill yourself in too much glee Unova was manifolds harder but you knew what you found in that break and in those 2 years at Johto exactly why you ever said Melody is your own sis as well no matter what..and about particulars well I knew that you two had to be together as at 20 between you it was the bond of 40 year husband and wife cause that natural romance that you two had was just so pure never any idea of objectivity just none knew the different bodies that you pocessed and hence all-the-more you two being what you were to the whole world so much dear cause you treated them such and then everywherewhere you two personally were just for the other the rest of the ideas of your psychophysicality never could penetrate you minds and that was the case for the succeeding 10 more and then something happened but it’s ok no more now that is and about today as you said the necessities then I just at that moment realized no matter what you said later,you did me one of the biggest favours..my problem was exactly as Ellie said repeatations..but now..my only query is that it’s ok if you wanted to test the truth about your relation with your now wife but then why drag all in?” Seth(grim,sigh) : “the exact reason why I dragged her then Trace to test the truth of your and my relation bro just that the illusive curtain to just fuel up..” Tracey( oy,broad smile) : “enough bro enough I understand you..(laugh)..the little brat that you’ve ever been no matter what(laughs,Seth smiles and pats him)..and no I guess you don’t want me to recall the actual process of Pasio break(laughs a lot,Seth smiles)..” Seth(bit happier) : “no Trace my problems were all encompassing not exclusive to Mulu hence she I ever used cause she knew it in her way and volunteered as a test of herself..and you know the rest..I wanted to point my finger at someone cause there was no reason hence I was more angry on myself thus you and Brock came along as ever and thus my model told me that you saw my bunch in that 2.5 years and knew exactly as much I did and then your baby brat young flower dream saw the same yet thought not contacting her for my bunch was my lust and a picture meant that I was a cheat but now I’m a cheat everyone knows if my words are enough for you after 5 year 0 contact and public humilitaion in own den by me and most heinously me putting your own family through hell she was told what I said here as well during our session there,then young flower dream you’ll be Mulu again,no consideration called my mom and called her the same,ran in here looking like 17 straight out of Zipgarnet Lake with 6 pokemons against me of all people at my own den whose eletctric types are most feared in direct physical confrontations and that’s since Kanto itself when they barely knew what is thunder-chair and whose Zekrom is admitted to be the most powerful pokemon in last milennia atleast and still has a Reshiram that surpassed her just that bit but each time in each test going over Millenia just by that bit..comes in only the ponytail was missing,’I’ve a boyfriend’,why are you here,’you gave a note’,you’re a hall of famer your message could’ve been delivered in innumerable other ways,’you cheated on me you namecall,I hate you,give me a ring and go back to the b.. you sweet idiot don’t call me hall of famer I’m your Mulu and you’re only Seth only mine you are you namecall’ (laugh) same stuff Trace,hall of fame gym leader and all her all sweet and graceful big sister character just the reflection of happiness having Seth with me just gave herself up to be Seth that moment saw me first beside the lake as you know Trace,since then till now and surely for atleast this term it’s just Seth for her that’s her whole life exactly why the replacement experiences never would’ve worked despite the samples being more than good enough(smiles,Tracey smiles as well),then said I’m saying I’m marrying you as soon as you agree just give me a chance,no we’re done and now said why you not the police comes that in the voice straight out of Trovita(laugh)” Tracey(broad smile) : “I realize Seth,but we’ll always be your bros and we may not be Mallow but you’ll have us right behind” Seth(  Tracey,smile) : “Trace please enough with brotherhood,would any damn brother or damn family even do to my bunch what you and Gary and both your wives later did for 4 long years of devillish atrocity through all that that comes in managing my unique bunch which goes to the extent to tolerating names like Victini and Zoroark with your new born daughters like that and that too when they were in their mom’s womb only because you needed it for your career that too you only for 5 damn months..and mostly Trace would anyone consider me unless they were myself indifferent had I did what I did during Pasio break and before..” Tracey( oy,smile) : “its ok bro..anyone that wants to see would’ve seen that it was only them who was doing it at the cost of him only I was only an object you barely knew to be not you..Brock said right after thankfully he was 17 and I was a gym leader(laughs)..just go back to your Mulu flower,she’s your only cure and she’s waiting” Seth(broad smile,  Tracey) : “thanks Trace..you all are similar to her to me she the most cause she’s my wife for eternity and all these cause she was given umpteenth number of chances only then could she express herself fully,none of you were given than due to my devillish illusion,you all have been with me Trace for as long as Mulu has been(both pat each other smiling and then break the hug) and she odered me to put the smiles back no matter what,I’ve managed all,please you look after Daisy,look after her and if you can spare me..” Tracey(smile) : “Seth,you already have that and always will..(both sees Daisy who came a bit later and was standing beside)” Daisy(solemn) : “it’s all right Seth..No I heard Trace going out of the room..followed and listened.have you spoken to Lil?” Seth(dissapointed) : “ya,but look after her ok,she and You,barring my 2nd badge and all the subsequent I never doubted any of you ever cause despite whoever I may be I’ve been travelling the world for 22 years I can understand that there wasn’t any reason for two men like these two to be there in the way they have ever been unless they were fully reflected to themselves(laugh,Tracey smiles,Daisy faint smile) that’s my Garchomp just always their words are buzzing in my ears anyway,hence it’s just pure logic that is..please I shouldn’t have been what I have been for 5 years and there’s no pardon for that..but if you can,please spare..” Daisy(solemn) : “Seth, it’s alright but don’t torture Mulu ever again ok?she can’t be literally alive without you and you saw that yourself..she’ll too happily move according to your Finger movements all her life,just don’t make her suffer for that” Seth(faint smile) : “Daisy,just like you have Trace and Lillie has Gary,Mulu is in safe hands I give you my words,only better days ahead” Daisy(solemn) : “go back as soon as you can,it’s ok here and tell her to sleep well,’night” Seth(smile) : “Goodnight Daisy and Tracey you too” Tracey(smile) : “yeah Seth and pick up the Picture tomorrow afternoon ok?” Seth(dissapointed) : “Trace,thanks man but no rush cause there’s more as what I told Daisy of never having any suspicion was my 17 years before and during the 5 I was confused about exactly that hence my 5 years and that quote I told as to tell you keep up your work here and because of me don’t jeopardize yourself and was a general sense then I was in illusion as to if you and Daisy really meant it that you two are married now and all and now the future as well or was kinda forced like random samples suddenly coming out of blue and then no matter what separates this idea gripped me even more after I heard about Melody Sanders you know her whole world does in Kanto-Johto atleast and I told Gary in details he will tell you if you ask him anytime I ever had contacts with Melody for 12 years cause of that intuition and I came to know just after my break-up while I was in Marengo before undercover that she had a brat who cheated on her after both went off the grid and had to erase the evidences so that the brat can proceed to next and you understand Melody’s condition after her career and all and this was after another heartbreak but of normal nature and she despite my professionality which is what you know ever was so friendly and may be expected a big bro out of me cause her nature is too nice too frank thus apparent frivolity and was fuelled at Kalos of course and she may be expected that I never bothered only been professional to her and even that was so much for her and was happy now out of profession,married at Shamrockmoss,John Harrison double Kanto,psychic specialist now at Shamrockmoss actually her childhood friend happy life but no no contact with me for more than a year professionality was what I epitomised to her that overflowed to the personal life of her so respects that and I don’t want to break that either now that incident coupled with the stardom and all and no Daisy ever stayed away from that mess of starship but still I was mad whole psychic bunch was used to gruel both you and her with max protection possible keeping in mind of the future as well and Lillie and Gary was similarly tested with full security and all arrangements subtle body stuffs you know better than me the details rest Gary will tell you the details I told him just before and no that room today won’t allow you to enter Marshadow was there at doorstep especially for you had you returned suddenly and the reason you were out was me as well cause Trace you know my position and who Lance is and Sinnoh Elite4 is run by me infact and Kalos Elite4 head Percy of all you sure know his status big fanboy and all these still had to be sure and no nothing went out of family nothing could and the things I told Professor you know those as well you told me in that state as did Daisy and what you two are to each other soulmate the right word and just the assurence for me that you weren’t forced or anything by the stuffs at Cerulean and I was suspicious as to both of them now here and so on and Daisy’s attempts of arranging a marriage for her baby sis didn’t help her either but Daisy was 1000% right cause she was her mom and ever is and her confusion with me will take time to go cause she is as perfect gentlewoman as you’re a man but that sentimental roughness is there to veil it cause you know and all of us do what was her condition at 22 with mom and dad not being there just the apprehension and family responsibility made sure outsiders don’t get a chance still I know about things and thus my confusion and those were same as those attempts of arrangements and also I know absolute her views of Mulu and all around her the starship pain and the skills and fame and so on all my confusion illusion dream not real meaningless I’m only so happy that’s all and Daisy hasn’t eavesdropped now cause she’s a bit dizzy to even want to come out again and she rushed to her room a bit quickly and all just Giratina who woke you up and you know his very own nature of momentary analysis of all changes and yeah when she was here I had Diancie,Jirachi and Mawile there with Jas and Blasie still there will go once Giti is free and this all is to keep you informed that I’m not all honest with my bunch and there’s more to me than..” Tracey( oy,smile) : “stop there bro just that,that word is why I was here 17 years back and why still here cause Gary is same and you know the rest and those psychics I’ve had atleast Marshadow since day one pestering me forever(laugh,Seth smiles faintly) and I see each day how names like Zapdos,Meloetta or Entei invade our rooms and how they behave with my daughters who are 8 months old(laugh,Seth faint smile) I know what he can do and why so and why Giratina can do to what he is doing to Dase and those two utter brats that call themselves ghostly fairies(laugh) and why these names along with names like Ultranercozma,Hoopa,Latios,Darkrai and so on do these as all the answer rests right here(smiles and hugs Seth a bit more firmly,Seth hugs Tracey finally smiling) in all due honesty of ethical morality of honesty of ethics(both laugh and then break the hug) (both smile) and that Guzzlord too why those words I’ll hear tomorrow once more first thing better not now though out in the middle for my own well being(both laugh)..” Seth(smile) : “yeah thanks man but I’ve a query..” Tracey(smile) : “what?” Seth(laugh) : “the 5 weeks..”
Tracey(laugh) : “your grandsons will plead with me then only I may help to extend that..” Seth(laugh) : “I don’t know Trace but specially you might be too late(both burst into laughter)” Tracey(laugh) : “man I know when you were warnig me then that it was just that Mr Skechit don’t try Sharpie and Laprie(both laugh a lot)..I’m not going anywhere near the field man cause I’ve realized what form they must be at given such a tremendous day may be their best till now(both laugh) anyway Seth all will wait now you just return,by-the-way,you spoke with the outside influence of Brock(both laugh)?” Seth(laugh) : “thanks for the compliment Trace(both laugh),and no,I owe him big time surely rhyming with Cradily Trace surely(laughs a lot,Tracey laughs too),I called only Sabrina while was at Marengo cause unlike the rest she is generally busy(both laugh) and then had to tell the whole world at Elite4s cause I’m always in demand you know hence they need to know who my wife is before myself infact(laugh),told Sabrina not to tell anyone I will myself when time comes according to DuskChu(both laugh) but I’m just too tired today and it won’t be nice if I suddenly appear today and at late night like this Viol flower is far more infatuated than her younger flower hence wasn’t even allowed at reservation atleast Lillie flower I saw first time there was unconsciously talking with a heavy tongue with utmost brats like Carracosta(both laugh)..” Tracey(laugh) : “atleast he is sane(both laugh) but Seth,I in the mess you created couldn’t call Brock or even May..I don’t know but,you can go and no Violet won’t mind either unless you go there with Gengleye(both laugh),you know both most well that your two words suffices if no the three that’s just so naive(both laugh) and they’ll be pleased” Seth(smile and   Tracey) : “thanks for the encouragement Trace,may be I should take Mulu with me here tomorrow morning to show the words as well(both laugh) or may be she already has called Violet, anyway I’ll see him thanks” Tracey(bit concerned) : “but finally Seth,Chansbert still had to get involved..” Seth(bit dejected) : “yeah was telling Gary...6+ months or so total,these new imports were started gradually from may be a month after the day Daisy had that skirmish first with Mulu and then couldn’t keep to herself here and Mulu only went overboard with that as you know her character..sampled from her room,confirmed at Marengo,then during the date coerced the soccer’s name out,then after the proposal took her there on dragon travel first thing after patch up had a dinner came back was sitting when you met us..baely can walk now just extremely weak and all you know..a few good words all done 65% poison off all mental stuff you know my psychic bunch and the rest of my level you’ll know the rest part that you know as you do by your observations but now I’m here so concrete plus I’ve been under all covers and Trace that stunt and the Kalos one you heard were played upon all of us there umpteenth times due to the invincibility of my bunch to get the master emotionally broken and that gender have had enough with it Trace really and all these 65% thus is childs play for me having encountered Chansbert innumerable times to cure atleast 3-4% in any random sample using my own system and my bunch without much effort I know her for 22 since 17 nothing to me to get 65 with a few very basic medicines already learnt all there in that Cabin of mine just ask Marshadow and/or Banette will let you in inside lock they are taught to open that and atleast either will be around there till those are removed by any of you 4 or me,kept those today morning only via them and all the 65 was cause the bug only too eager to sit on my head suck her Seth all her life being totally blind to anything else as usual and I’ve seen far worse stuffs doses and conditions..I said you cheated having agreed to date people why agree to begin with, the answer was,’why don’t you like me Seth’(laugh,Tracey smiles)..knows absolutely nothing as I was saying Trace I don’t regret anything at all it was just illusion for me just that but those stuffs with Chansbert Trace in the end that with Mulu it’s just not right and you know what Chansbert was upto having seen the result with me now having the primonition that I’m returning from my Cerulean endeavours last month just ravged my sweet Mallow to a proportion that would’ve got that stardom hell a reality for her psychophysically getting that gym out of fantasy to reality for those b.. that were there for urine and stool as you can understand I would’ve become omnipresent for her suddenly and the rest and in the last 3 weeks or so may be has stayed intoxicated all time in different doses that aren’t getting detected unless she is sad which she wasn’t in hindsight after I did break-in and learnt about her activities and all there realized I can expose her if I want but didn’t cause she can still return went to Chansbert as usual once more two days after the break-in to set things up and then had a bit of disagreement but couldn’t do much cause herself understood just can’t get out of Chansbert’s clutches so easily being a hall of famer and so on and it’s all cause her longing for me wasn’t getting reduced now having seen me in her hindsight just fuelled it up but you know Trace exactly why she has survived this long next month or so would’ve been the dedline otherwise but she is what she is in general as a person hence only nothing happened..and I’m killing myself for only this what would’ve happened to my wife cause of me Trace ok I understand break-ups and I surely understood her how I was the centre of her life but herself broke-off as you know hence just thought well surely knows what she is doing hence this only increased my illusion as well that after all it’s just another long term marriage failure but just didn’t know anything ever jumped into ocean without Marill still though(laugh,Tracey laughs too shaking his head)..no man my bunch is never without me cause of the viseversa you know(laugh,Tracey smiles broadly)..I did the psychic healing as much as I and my bunch could and the physical cures got a few good stuffs Henry Care Marengo subtle body full dragon took may be 50 minutes max all were ready at Marengo even if now I went..Doctor Rashford and Michelle knows me well around undercover as well as Sabrina’s recommendation on me after the undercover ever had connection they were all there and the rest according to their directions just all money nothing else you know the earnings and gatefees and those press and rest only will fuel that and I want that all bit to use for all the places that I want to just an elusive name along with the bunch in and out of profession all rubbish..but(smile)..Trace you know the her and my real cures don’t you..” Tracey (smile) : “just Goodnight Seth undercover and Unova days were enough to tell people who you were in this profession then the next 3 meant you’re once in a millenia in profession and outside all will know what means Crawdauntogator alteast if they know undercover and Unova but(laugh) and about your innemurable genders and our suspicion,in or out of profession none can never forget someone telling an Interregional press that he is dissapointed cause many were ignorant in the class that teaches the differetiation process between bro and beau(laugh,Seth smiles)..that stuff is impossible for anyone who hasn’t gone through it both as himself and herself innumerable times(both laugh),don’t be late for your double doeses” Seth(smile) : “right and ‘night”.
.......(Lucent and Potentia are zapped to Seth in by Giratina then he returns to the field finally)…
Seth(frown) : “there’s no need to show too much responsibility ok..” Lucent(very dejected) : “no indeed not Mr Ketchum indeed not..” Seth(frown) : “your bunch was proof enough to you..” Potentia(tears,scream) : “enough!enough with..(Greninja holds her up,Dusknoir hold Lucent up)..” Seth(laughs,hugs both Lucent and Potentia very firmly) : “that look at my condition both sets will attack me(laughs and pats them,both hug Seth very firmly,both little tears)..(wipes their tears off)..my sweet little dolls they will say it cause they can’t separate themselves from you and you will call tomorrow again saying what will you eat when you’re coming back dear extend it and you get just my Cherruvuemin isn’t it hum..my sweet little dolls..you’re so so sweet that we just want to eat you up in innumerable forms thus only create the multiplicity out of our sweetest Centy and Putu thus they project many that’s not them so that we again go back to him to fondle him to the utmost cause he’s only us rest just rhymes with Confragigus honey never enough is reality hence never enough will you be our sweetest little Centy and dearest little Putu(smiles patting Lucent)..happy now..” Lucent(beaming,same pose) : “bro I still called you by surname hum unlike this infatuated brat(Seth laughs and tenders Lucent,Potentia smiles,Lucent then laughs)..(laugh)..all those brats were trying to ride upon me Therie already fled hence(all laugh)..and Putu actually screamed at me cause she wasn’t allowed(all laugh) Potentia(laughs) : “atleast I didn’t say rhyming with Exploud(all laugh)..and no my all conquerer warned me either he finds me a job or else i'll revolt against Lillie PERSONALLY(all laugh a lot)..but um..bro you were..” Seth(same pose,smile) : “you know who your sis is to me honey I had to she was stuck at the lake still Centy as was I realized it hence came only dear the psychic healing went simultaneously..absolutely fine now she is don’t worry..” Lucent(smile) : “um..yeah bro I understand..but um..(laugh)..those brats asked me if I knew why master brat has wasted his whole day with Mr Mallow despite her mental faculties being rather commemorative hence in-between input and output weren’t getting rehearsed properly(all burst into laughter)..then Kimmie didn’t say a thing whole day out of normalcy that is(all laugh) then when the guard was down some brats informed him told Gary(laugh),little foots Mr Oak you see provides you with only little steps whereas bigger foots provides bigger steps but if the zeal is constant then the path to cease it remains constant thus possible to overcome but if the zeal remains increasing then the path becomes impossible to surmount thus if the zeal is around a thing it will always be achievable that is not the zeal but the thing if one wants to achieve zeal itself then one will realize this expansive nature of this zeal thus understand that it’s rather the zeal that is creating the thing and if zeal itself is a thing then it produces only that thus one who is zealous and one who is in search of zeal becomes identical Mr Oak thus they no more ask for protection of zeal against being Mr Oak isn’t it why we’re civilized(all uncontrollably laugh)..man I was thinking thank God this brat didn’t participate(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “but the one that did Putu must’ve made you more dejected(all laugh)” Potentia(laugh) : “yeah I’m complaining to aunty(all laugh)..well in the morning this infatuated little not not male tried to hinder the bias(all laugh) and this brat intentionally did it you know cause he was getting more flak Aurie and Jitters weren’t civilized today at all unlike Tempie in the beginning later all jumped into ocean thank God both the Marills were shifted today(all laugh)..and no then after all the antics those two with Benji,Igo and Tempie did and Ellie and Sintu supported wholeheartedly it really seemed like back to primary(all laugh) then I went to the field to meet Arnie(all laugh) said you see when you decided to be an idea of being you only wanted to have something to be doing exactly to make it more interesting to be all consuming have you decided to become more than one tossing whether or to be assuming thus only has this society of ours became all devouring isn’t it(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)..**


somehow managed to flee cause his compeers were trying to show me that rhymes saw(all laugh)..but no bro still never knew was the condition at Cerulean to be this bad sis wasn’t behaving as she ever has but we thought might’ve come into terms with herself and wants to move on never knew this..is she all ok bro..”
Seth(laugh) : “more than so having her food finally rhyming with Honchkrow(all laugh)..she’s ok two stern words how could you call me Mallow(all laugh)..same thing as ever too sweetie(laughs,Lucent and Potentia smirks at him)..yeah you brats don’t try me(all laugh)..but yeah stay mumb cause Cello and Tunkie are not as infatuated as Fel atleast and Quittie is most infatuated hence will be digested today itself(all laugh)..anyway dears enough with everything tomorrow a big surprize awaits also prepare your sweeties(all laugh,then all reciprocate then bye)..”
.............(Seth about to leave with Greninja,Giratina returned to field but Dusknoir is staying,Igor) Seth(frown) : “I see which group of sc.. has charmed you more after your ordeal..” Igor(solemn) : “the ones that are more so in your eyes today” Seth(laugh) : “I see too sweetie(laughs a lot)..” Igor(frown) : “I don’t think it will be funny if we..” Seth(laughs a lot) : “resign!quit!give up!give in!surrender!..(laughs a lot,Greninja holds Igor up)..man just beat it..Ninjie off we’ve had many hits and runs over the years..(laughs)..” Igor(angry) : “Seth..” Seth(laugh) : “well I’ll see about you calling me by name later but you see you can’t run or hide Igo Oak lab will catch you no matter what now tell me Igo whose side are you on DaisyDevil or Mr Oak(laughs)..” Igor(frown) : “listen..(Greninja holds Igor up again)” Seth(  Igor very fimrly and tendering him,smile) : “my bro won’t leave me no matter what I do cause it’s only me rest is just despondency of sanity cause I know the reality as Butterfree says you can know me dear only if you’re me cause I’m you thus how to be..my sweet little bro..(breaking hug)..happy now..” Igor(disappointed, oy firmly) : “we never got..” Seth(smile) : “cause I didn’t dear hence my and your plight all a chain you see all a chain remember(smiles)..” Igor(beaming, oy,Seth too hugs him) : “yeah the chain..that’s the actual bro..(both smile ach other firmly)..” Seth(smiles,breaking hug) : “you all would go only if I did what I did in those 7 days dear nothing else..” Igor(smile) : “yeah I get it and no we all are family only bro but um..well(laughs)..when was the last time I namecalled you and insinuated about your relationship with sis(both laugh)..” Seth(laughs) : “during true vomits(both laugh a lot)..well those 19 different looking pests are absent today which underground are they in(both laugh)..” Igor(laugh) : “Gardie said you’re deluded bro told me when you vomit just at that moment ONLY you truly feel SO NAIVE(both burst into laughter)..only he is left then I guess(both laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “yeah roaming around 9 cities for the sake of that feeling you know of the Jubillie hall(both laugh)..today already a trip is done and will be there tomorrow too along with Ruth of all people whose 10 months old in experience(both laugh)..I tell you man if I see that infatuated brat I’ll doze her off for whole day(both laugh) but her HE being a crook will face the greatest ghostly show all for tomorrow Igo afterall he’s the rock on which the whole empire stands isn’t it(both laugh a lot saying PEWTER ROCK) now you must run hearing it else Gardie will fro(both laugh)..” Igor(laugh) : “yeah I guess..but um..recorded this one(both laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “yeah like so many(both laugh)..but I tell you I’ll slap that brat Quittie unless she tries to climb on my shoulders again(both laugh)..but I’ll meet her right after don’t worry my flower told me I’ll be waiting cause you’re only Seth(both laugh)..same stuff Igo,just my illusion and her too..broke off hence never was(smiles,Igor broadly smiles)..” Igor(smiles) : “yeah I get you..and yeah talk with Quittie anyway getting this record..and about the hide and seek what are the plans..” Seth(smiles) : “a surprize Igo just wait till Gary Oak steadily orders you as Mr Oak not even now could become Dr Oak(both laugh)..see you man take rest all for tomorrow a novel awaits,bye now be ready to feel the most enthralled(smiles,Igor reciprocates broadly smiling,both hug and pats then leave)..” (calls Questa up by Dusknoir) Seth(smile) : “Quittie what is your exact trouble so much honey that you and your bro and siblings were so hellbent to follow me even yesterday I would’ve lost myself in that process you realize that dear don’t you” Questa(very dejected) : “you said..”
Seth(  Questa,smiles) : “that my sweet little doll is making me to chide her unnecessarily cause I can’t reveal my best friend’s name to be pestered by her..that’s all hum..”
Questa( oy very firmly,tears) : “bro we can’t..” Seth(smiles wiping her tears off,same pose) : “neither can I my sweet doll,neither can I..Igo spoke just before recorded listen to that and be prepared for a huge surprize tomorrow dear just that..and for you consolations just this..
glowing midnight is the moon with peace and quite/glazing mid-day is the sun with all noise in bright/as the day shows you in reverse what to do that is the best/forget yourself in this duality having tested yourself to be away from this to reach your Quest..
(smiles,patting Questa)..happy now hum,my sweet little doll..” Questa(broad smile,same pose) : “um..yeah(smiles,Seth too smiles and pats her)..” Seth(smile) : “anyway dear I won’t say much you’ve taken too much today just take a good rest tomorrow is a huge day..Igo will tell you the rest just call him unless he is..see you tomorrow bye not to let it dawn I’m in a real haste rhymes saw(laughs,Questa too laughs saying too sweetie to remember us isn’t it,Seth laughs then both reciprocate and bye)” .......(meanwhile Mallow calls Brock just after Seth has left)…
Brock(concerned) : “hallow,Mallow!How are you?..was totally out whole day couldn’t avoid..Viol told me the Angels have..”
Mallow(sigh) : “Brock,please,nobody knows Seth better than you bit by bit and I assure you he’s that same Seth as ever as you met first from every aspect that atleast I could examine and I examined the whole only thus I’m at his home that’s mine too from now officially..no I’m fine,I‘ve decided to get officially engaged to him on my own choices and terms,he didn’t force or threaten me to..he himself was totally torn apart inside may be way more than me myself and thus his public antics..and you know the rest that is his profession..I just gave him a chance..please..if you can spare him a thought and yes Viol called me first,you know her,she’s on the way home is Cheesy with her and where’s Jumpie..”
Brock(solemn) : “with them don’t worry,I’ll see Viol it’s ok here..and congratulations Mallow you know best what you are and that’s all but..um..just stay safe and keep your eyes open is all what I’m saying...”
Mallow(solemn) : “thanks Brock,I will and just take care of Viol and don’t let her call us,I told you what I had to,Viol is in such a delicate condition and then will get onto Seth’s nerves and he himself was controlling himself many times only cause Lil is in same situation then Professor was there and Jas and Blasie are only a year old else roasted each that tried to say anything and you know best the rest with his language and directness and what I’m adding is that Seth was on the verge of lunacy himself the public image of his of being a Gengar is exactly that and you realize the rest with his bunch and I’ve seen that exact Gengar and Sableye I knew as did you way more than me but this version that is also here around me now is something else and hence that image is every bit true they don’t look like pokemons or even normal humans at all they live at a different place where it’s the dream for a human to be free of all bounds but you know what it is in reality in both their plane and ours and Seth was trying to forcefully break through these now that to him he didn’t have anything to do at human plane and that is just the break-up and his process I guess was to elevate them or degrade himself whatever he doesn’t know it and you know the reason is his in-born obsession with difference and indifference and why it’s not obsession but something too extreme honesty and strength of soul cause without that these ideas won’t even come up in ones mind this vigourously..just his natural sweetness and warmth has kept him sane here in this form..please Brock atleast you of all will understand not to push a once in two millenia mentally again and again bro’s 3 pokemons were upon him persistently including Kimmie yet saw his control over everything myself Brock so you can understand how much he has taken and still will cause he can I’ve realized it too..just don’t expose Viol and all to him he loses it if he sees them taking the risk that’s all..just take care as soon as we meet we’ll do the rest..”
Brock(solemn) : “yeah,Mallow,got you and just take care..’Night”..” (Mallow now calls Irene) Irene(concerned) : “um Mulu..couldn’t reach you before Zed too never available as usual how are you dear..” Mallow(smile) : “as good as it gets getting FULLY Ketchumed(smiles,Irene smiles broadly)” Irene(broad smile) : “man just a relief first of all you know Mulu..that brat had to return Kane always says too much bonhomie as ever with abstraction(laugh,Mallow laughs)..you know always fully professional as cunning as he states himself to be since 3 in months if not weeks before that is all of it(both laugh)..and his family as ever is only expanding and I know so many new ones as you know it hasn’t stopped at Kalos and there has similar influence I guess out of profession too some of the who’s whoes are too much into family they share the same feeling those who have had the chance of getting closer view at him that he was only missing his Mulu flower which he can’t keep secret due to ethical honesty in due morality of ethics in honesty(both laugh) we all thought he wouldn’t be a part of it anymore given his public image of a Gengar and his antics along with you too Mulu yeah I had that premonition you know we all did about both of you but you will be just fine now dear as would he just enjoy..(smiles)..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah Irie thanks..I’m very fine now will tell you everything later just at home now was at lab whole day..and yeah my very own home finally officially(broad smile,Irene too smiles)” Irene(smile) : “yeah Mulu just congrats and best wishes meeting as soon as we can have a nice time..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah thanks Irie..”
Irene(smile) : “and how’s Zed”
Mallow(smile) : “all the same as usual you know just as I became myself he removed the aloofness as well..I spoke with him same thing with his baby sis too much bonhomie..(both laugh)..”
Irene(smile) : “yeah big bro too like little bro ever professional but much softer in personal spheres(both laugh)..infact he has kept all together Seth with current conditions has created few strains in relationships here and there between his family so the society has got full freedom to express their civilization upon them all the same(both laugh)..kept telling us truth will shine why are you so concerned for both their sadness is the witness itself you’re seeing Mulu I know Seth and what’s hindering him to get what he wants in indifference Mulu isn’t becoming that unless he settles down the psychophysicality don’t bother(both laugh)..so yeah always as usual the whole compendium that is(both laugh)..anyway dear just enjoy your time(both smile and bye)..”
(Now Mallow calls Olivia)
Olivia(bit concerned) : “um..Mallow where are you what happened..” Mallow(smile) : “got soulmated(smiles,Olivia broadly smiles)..” Olivia(smile) : “Ah!what a graet news Mallow! Just congrats and what to say the truth has to prevail..(both broadly smiles)..” Mallow(smile) : “sure Oliv absolutely..but um..Olive again I am so sorry that..” Olivia(smile) : “Mallow please enough with that dear just all illusion and this whole family is truth as we just agreed hum..(both broadly smile)..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah Oliv just that you’re my own sis as well..(both smile)..” Olivia(smile) : “anyway dear I won’t disturb you today cause out of abstraction the brat isn’t at all stable ever(both laugh)..and his big bro is not available on heaven or earth in such cases as you know only his Kimmie at hell is ever ready(both laugh)..and you know now given the troubles you might’ve created the inillusion at the gym and even your own health all will get the solution to be the most ENJOYING..with troubles too much bonhomie(both laugh)..just congrats and best of moon(both laugh)..so see you soon rhymes saw(both laugh)..” Mallow(laugh) : “yeah much more sinister now as you understand(both laugh)..already had a bout with none other than the Tickle Masters(both laugh)..yeah my protections for tonight(both laugh)..and I’ve spoken to bro as I said but thankfully not his main lackey(both laugh) who was present at the lab whole day today with his Mippie for read the word carefully protection(both laugh)..anyway,bye now Oliv will meet you soon..bye(Olivia reciprocates and bye)..” (now Mallow calls Yumn)
Mallow(smile) : “halloww Yumi..Mrs Ketchum talking..(smile)..” Yumn(overjoyed) : “Ah!Mulu my dear! Just so happy to hear the great news sis!many many many congrats!..” Mallow(smile) : “thanks Yumi I’ve just been capapulted back to life you know with all that given..” Yumn(smile) : “just remember the happier times dears rest is like a bad dream(both smile)..don’t bother about your current situation at the gym you’re no more of your previous form hum..Seth will get everything sorted out within half a day don’t bother just enjoy to the MOST CAPTIVATING(both laugh) have you met the brat(both laugh)..” Mallow(laugh) : “thanks Yumi..and yeah indeed unfortunately just beside me(both laugh)..” Yumn(laugh) : “and what is THE brat doing(both laugh)..” Mallow(laugh) : “stormed out with GitiCozy to the lab to logically explain his 5 years with Talon to assist and Greninja to establish to the bros and especially sisters(both laugh) which includes Aurie and Jitters and bros include Tempie,Benji,Fel and Igo the most miffed ones(both laugh)..Ellie wisely backstabbed their group and got out along with Sintu and Allie,Giddy,Zennie,Aju,Arrie and Glennie were whinning as usual(both laugh) with Centy and Putu playing neutral opposition part with Cello going to it’s least extreme and Tunkie most as usual(both laugh) and you know with GitiCozy what logic it will be(both laugh)..” Yumn(laugh) : “man that pest has been the same like his pests since day 1(all laugh)..but what about his twin brat surely intruded(both laugh)” Mallow(laugh) : “observationally(both laugh a lot)..yeah was there same stuff never changes told me your hubby is too emotional today thus disturbed in his discrimination faculty(both laugh a lot) then there itself viciously sweared him for read the sentiment hindering my path to reality once more during these 23 years(both laugh a lot)” Yumn(laugh) : “well your brat is humane atleast with you that is(both laugh)..and Zed didn’t feel to be active still I guess(both laugh)..” Mallow(laugh) : “absolutely clear your doubts if you doubted(both laugh) none has been able to reach him except me as usual(both laugh) though his Kimmie was kept at lab all time to carefully mind calm people down(both laugh) then after our date called his master just all the same made me cry too much love for his 40 month old baby sis as usual as was Margin yeah whole time to check on his little brats(both laugh then smile)” Yumn(smile) : “anyway Mallow how’s your health now..” Mallow(smile) : “no I’m fine Yumi just the depression is gone now with everything so great it really feels like a bad dream and yeah he took me to Marengo today itself Henry Care for the physical part on dragons right after proposal so yeah I’m alright now it’s ok..” Yumn(smile) : “great news dear really now take rest again congrats and best wishes in infinite..(Mallow reciprocates and bye)..” (Mallow calls Beatrice)
Beatrice(concerned) : “yeah halloww Mulu how are you now dear is everything ok..” Mallow(smile) : “as good as it can be after getting re-Ketchumed(smiles,Beatrice broadly smiles)” Beatrice(smile) : “man it’s so much of a relief you know it would’ve been impossible to think of ourselves without Seth and you..thank God alls well that ends well(both smile)..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah indeed Trucie indeed..” Beatrice(smile) : “anyway dear just enjoy tonight I won’t say much cause your beau won’t stop today to you and tomorrow to us Alps is already asleep said don’t bother once she enters the clan instantly will be burnt to monograms as usual so tomorrow the brat will enter Cerulean in most stupendous form to dust off the trey containing the stenches of existential sanity at our expense(both laugh)..so just congrats and best wishes for your sanity(both laugh,Mallow says and my blessings to you the form is already hysterical,both laugh then reciprocate then bye)..” (Malcolm and Julio calls Mallow,Mallow broadly smiles,they still are using pseudo names Milton and Julberto..) Malcom(bit concerned) : “um..’mam it’s Milton and Julberto here..we’ve heard about..” Mallow(broad smile) : “Mr Malcolm Dusras and Mr Julio Putras,water and grass specialists distinction holders especial..even the surnames rhyme hum..(laughs,Malcolm and Julio broadly smiles)..” Julio(smile) : “um..’mam we know about you for long and then the rest we can’t be happier if..” Mallow(smile) : “no more ‘mam just sis my dear little bros just that..(all smile)..” Malcolm(smile) : “um..thanks ‘mam we’re..”
Mallow(laughs) : “no need to beg mercy for misleading(all laugh)..besides Malcolm you surely know about a certain Mr Cilan Cubin and what happens to him cause I must be called ‘mam by you know whom is his opinion he always does scream thus he constantly gets tickled in 322st dark dream rhymes saw(all laugh)” Julio(laugh) : “no by the time bro met us wasn’t at all sweet(all laugh)..” Mallow(laugh) : “yeah so see why we played this drama(all laugh)..” Malcolm(laugh) : “yeah not rhyming too many names I beg your pardon(all laugh)..(smile)..no sis we ever knew about you and no matter what bro said or did everyone knew only wanted you nothing else..and then Julio has been here for 1.5 months now I’m at the city for the same span of time seeing everything and know everything too have you had the checkup sis..”
Mallow(smile) : “yeah Malcolm went to Henry care Hunnie was there it’s ok..” Julio(bit concerned) : “and sis we called you immediately cause Camie just texted us bro wasn’t well and actually..” Mallow(smile) : “no he is now Julio it’s ok..nothing happened then either went back there only to explain himself just was too emotional and you know the rest with his family there just that too much love expressed in different ways nothing else all family it’s ok..and about your bro’s bunch those who tried to offend him weren’t exactly in our family right now you can understand I’ve heard everything that was going on today throughout the world infact just because they thought they’ve found a weak spot..that bunch itself managed all the lab was indeed beleaguered but all went well and they had to understand that a bunch won’t do what they did today fending off a whole squad of distinction holders even from outside profession that they can’t do unless they as your bro must’ve told you are exactly them as they viseversa just your bros only had to take the full pressure including Gary and they dared to challenge Blithie and her whole life infact once more and found out they will have to remain perceptive of deceit themselves if they want to question her honesty so yeah all ended and all well..” Julio(smile) : “yeah thanks sis..no bro made sure none gets to know what happens to another place throughout the regions..and don’t worry about anything else here we’re all here now bro will be too 3 Elite4s are behind us excluding Kanto and the rest will have to too if bro wants and we have the whole Unova General Government and Military behind us along with quite a few very influencial persons outside profession at Kalos..they are a minority still apart from that full infantry you know Unova has shown much honesty but still things can happen but their military is completely in bros favour so the general govt as well has to consider many things..today’s alarm was as usual Kanto itself and Pasio to add with a few at Kalos and Sinnoh trying their hand at a last ditch attempt to get hold of Stash actually cause they’ve sensed blood hence knows bro isn’t well but they won’t get a 7,7 once ever Hall of Fame that too grossly double unless he’s mistaken which if he is his bunch will get him first up and this actually is what was challenged and you know best the result..anyway sis that’s all past now anything in future we’ll see off no matter what but you should take a good rest much has happened for a very very long time for your nerves to tackle..” Mallow(smile) : “thanks Julio and no I’m not worried anymore it’s alright you two take best care of yourselves dears that’s all don’t strain yourselves..but yeah Malcolm I understand your brother’s concern over my health but surely you gain too much kicking me out of my home(all laugh)..” Malcolm(laugh) : “well actually sis I’m not that unhappy cause you’re at a home where we all wanted you to see so badly and actually(all laugh)” Mallow(laughs) : “yeah finally the real brats are coming out(all laugh)..how are the gym staffs Malcolm now and the bunch..” Malcolm(smile) : “no it’s ok all are calm enough all the gym pokemons and all your and our sisters’ bunches as well..a few as usual created factions and all to disturb but the day went smoothly from internal management perspective I didn’t have to handle anyone from own staffs Rubu was here all time it’s ok all is going well and Brenda was with Julio whole day so there too things are fine..and here at Cerulean and also at Frucifern all just you know you know best the show and all it was rather tiring cause(laugh) Penny and Brawn had such fun at Yellowburst(all laugh)..so yeah all are fine except Wayne though who is manageable(all laugh)..it’s ok sis just waiting to meet you and bro and all the rest as soon as we can..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah me and we all too dears and will sooner..anyway you take care of yourselves and Wayne won’t calm down used to fight with each of them during their high school years(all laugh) then exchange all sorts of ideas from philosophy to cooking to business to university exams to training to everything via hallucination methods across planes since first heard each other’s voice 24 long long years back during the days of Lastly Phantom which I surely saw today(laughs a lot,rest all laugh a lot too)..so don’t try him(all laugh)..” Julio(laugh) : “well thankfully my lab family isn’t present here today Barry threatened the whole 11 city officially via conglomerate and he specializes in a certain type cunning of bro you know(all laugh) well actually we saw Kimmie quite a few times Gary actually has saved the honoured ones as you said(all laugh) Zed only told us he will be busy which we knew too hence the concern cause he might’ve needed each of his pests which he thought too but then said can’t afford except only one there and we knew already we’ve won the match this is presentation party only(all laugh) yeah sis just waiting for the bash anyway we have to go now and you take rest and again congrats and best wishes..” Mallow(smile) : “thanks dears thanks and you too take rest and take care,bye..(all reciprocate and bye and all)..” .............(Stash comes home just after Cuong has left)..............…
Stash(coming in,singing) : “existence and consciousness tune oh tune tune/Darkness and Fire Houndoom doom doom/See this difference hum hum hum hum/Arnie hence told us illusion even if purest forces action why so soon soon(Seth was coming down un..hearing..)”
Torrie(extremely angry,shout) : “SHUT UP YOU SCOUNDREL!you scoundrel what have you done to my sweet little sons huh..””
Seth(straight) : “even i can say mom that it’s contrapositive unless suffixes are added same way plays the illusion of causality noon and moon”
Torrie(extremely angry slaps Seth) : “you..from today Stash is..” Stash : “to you if I’m dead to your I will no more be ready-made thus if you then return again into illusion you may again create anyone out of new shades..(Seth laughs and hugs Torrie affectionately who has little tears)..thus goes the marker of a reader page after page..(Seth laughs,Torrie is very angry)..Fuh phew Eh Uu Oh Aou Eh Uh Ah Ah Spur(Seth un..long,Torrie is very angry)..anyway i have things to do mom first let me see how the entitled versions are doing..shh..look-only-at what/hush discussion clinically in gapped as my being's at(Seth un..long,Torrie angry).."
Seth(laughing..) : "mommy,was more than safe your daughters mistook a rope for a tape rhymes saw(laughs a lot,Torrie scowls at him,Seth keeps   Torrie)..please mom you know who both of them are the best just this exact identity needed validation for both had to come did come no matter how and because it had to come Lixue,Raki,Ash,Niji and Stashey as ever were there only to make sure it doesn’t cross the limit and it didn’t mom wouldn’t have happened without you knowing even if Zed failed this time..” Torrie(still little tears  oy and tendering him) : “Seth please he is..” Seth(same pose,laugh) : “well that’s what Stashey was saying in the song reared up his brats too cunningly would’ve dozed us off most nonchalantly which Stashey wouldn't like ofcourse(laughs,Torrie same pose is very concerned)..he was there just to manage all nothing else he doesn't recognize it Nillie said as soon i greeted Mulu saying how's health this brat almost came out of hideout as it means,help!help!help..epistemological tools(un..,Torrie shakes her head)..mom please we knew the concerns as did the masters of shenanigans why else would(laughs a lot) both me and Cuo call Daisy and Lillie of all people unchaste(bursts into laughter,Torrie tries to slap him again but Seth catches her laughing)..it’s what YOU had taught actually calling a spade a spade I only took the mental part(bursts into laughter,Torrie shakes her head sighing)..no Lillie flower and DaisyDevil(laughs) were abjectly sweared along with Mr Oak who Dr Oak found to be infatuated with his younger siblings's uncertain futures(bursts into laughter,Torrie scowls at him)..mom please do you understand Zed would’ve left next day if a normal brat replaced any of us cause dad didn’t tell him of the firing of affirmation(laughs a lot,Torrie shakes her head sighing)..and then do you believe out of all people Lastly Phantom would've been remotely bothered about subjects of ontology from definitions of simultaneous arising of hope(laughs..lot)” Torrie(frown) : “won’t you shun this language that scoundrel minutely taught you to express my teachings in even today huh(Seth laughs a lot)..” Seth(laughing) : “today it’s most necessary for some persons whose up the stairs hence ever will worry(laughs a lot,Torrie frowns at him)..he..he didn’t force me to say sorry/your twin b.. didn’t understand she I eternally marry(laughs a lot,Torrie smiles finally)..happy now..” Torrie(frown) : “your teacher is getting disowned still YEAH MENTALLY(both bursts into laughter)..” Seth(laughing a lot) : “Dialga don’t be a gambler just pull up your socks/when you want it up or down it’s so cause abstraction no more your feeling KNOCKS(both bursts into laughter)..was against Blithie whole day for the final settlement between Oak and Slate-Skechit lab she said both the accusation and the language was exactly like this(laughs), Hey!
Oh Ketchum now you Play!
No Rensol don’t you Nay!
Oh together say the logic behind the proverbial difference of logically equitable bush and hey! No Ketchum now you SAY!(uncontrollably laughs,in tears and fits of laughter,Torrie shakes her head laughing a lot)..oh Doctor Slate mark this day you’ll return here again to shine/as the permanent innumerable will rain in the light..of THIS DARK NIGHT(laughs a lot,Torrie smiles)..no way our brats will allow us to stay in gyms juggling for 25 and half years mom countering(laughs a lot,Torrie smiles)” ....(meanwhile Stash goes upstairs)..
Stash(from outside the common balcony) : “best fiends how’s the illusion going..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah coming..” Stash(scowl) : “humming why are you meeting 3rd persons exactly now especially not of that type which your sis is wrangling now(bursts into laughter,Poppy and Mallow too burst into laughter)” Mallow(opening door,laughing,dragging Stash in) : “cause it’s our twin brat eternally against gender..hey come in..” Stash(laughing dragging Mallow out by putting his weight backside suddenly at the same time) : “you come out..(both laugh as do Poppy she can see them)..(now Poppy is zapped in along with a chair by Gengar,she is under treatment after much troubles with the entire nervous system and can't walk at present due to medicines,Stash tenders Poppy's head too like Mallow's)..no these things HANDS-ON you know isn't going away(both laugh a lot) and it's cause it’s so hard you know Blithie said to keep it as it was since you two last stepped in same stuff just the dust was washed and cleaned by Mimey none else as well(laughs a lot,Poppy and Mallow blushes) none stepped a foot even in this small balcony not even those two this is INHUMAN(laughs a lot)..” Mallow(smile) : “too emotional today from just after we had our moment cause the gross as usual isn’t kind enough for his obstinacy with eradicating it head on not hands-on(smiles a do Poppy,.s).."
Poppy(smile) : "and never wants to come inside rather pick me up even today as usual always(both the sisters smile ach other,.s)..” Stash(laugh) : “well that’s what I told you two you two shouldn't blush like this rather hush(all three laugh a lot)..so now hereby your names are like..oh now say Mrs..Mrs Oak(all un..)..it's impossible how someone named Lillie flower asked me you namecall why aren't they booking hotels hum(all un..)..thankfully Gary didn't try Lillie flower after Pasio she doesn't understand one bit of it(all laugh..lot)..and i told you two before Raki said that(laughs) came in packed up whatever was the only memento shut the door left home told me(laughs more) has relieved me(laughs a lot,Mallow smiles as does Poppy)..you rather went opposite that’s ok dear same thing as him your existence isn’t separate you can’t make it that thus and his opposite just enjoy THE BATTLE countering still saw(all laugh a lot)..and that was Raki once asked Cuo ok she's done now legally,so?do i have to confess my longing for my only shelter against logical shores(un..,both the sisters burst..)..my colleagues are at the farm,at Platue,at Yellowburst now and at Rytengrud itself but(straight) my only concern Mulu is that the former Frucifern leader told me that out of whole consciousness a certain existential b..” Mallow(smile patting Stash) : “Stashey please our twin isn’t like this just that I’ll say..it was my fault to allow all that nothing else..” Stash(bit angry still,messaging both Mallow and Poppy's head the backside on the lobes tenderly by touching his fingers in rhythm to relief them of psychic channel strains that are generally the case for pokemon trainers due to their nature of communication) : “Jerome didn't create any mess but is going to Uvtamos now it's not that given my illusive coming here i don't understand that unlike Mr Andrum especially that..” Poppy(smile,same..patting Stash) : “please Stashey I don’t want to remember that phase ok only the gist that is it was no different the joy the objects has never been of any use that time only tortured me to all depths while now i'm in my heaven that's all.."
Stash(still angry) : "no don't be so resentful it's your all your husband's faults after Unova and Kalos i know what.."
Mallow(smiles,same..) : "for the facts Stashey no it’s not possible according to me I know the present Tito told me..”
Poppy(smile,same) : "and me too certainly if not Tito Sarmie is well versed you'd agree hum..please Stashey forget it.."
Stash(bit solemn,same pose) : “yeah I’ll double check as soon as I can Tito or any of my siblings including Sarmie they no matter their intellectual sharpness are too far above this gross contradiction you two know as well to them it’s ever the matter of perishing duality they are so well oiled in their determination and vigil and process against duality it’s hard for them to do what I can do and no i know Poppy i know many things gross too from where i come this is pre school really and that's why..” Poppy(smile,same pose   Stash and patting him) : “Stashey please it’s an affliction unbound to my sweet little bro I know that too hum what it’s doing now to my sweet little Stashey..leave it..” Stash(still a bit angry,same pose) : “but irrespective of Sarah who will know the record of the enclosure that given the PUBLIC GOSPEL which said after the match that..” Mallow(smile,same pose) : “let them know it ok..please Stashey why today itself you have to think of these hum you were so happy just as you came..please dear calm down don’t harm yourself brooding over inexistent matters..we all know what you'll tell them they know it too and that too for 38 very long years please calm down..” Stash(laugh) : “ok fare enough you two take rest your healths are in a very dire condition especially you Poppy..they will be late they're more than safe at farm don’t worry..” Mallow and Poppy(unison,laughing..) : “not in illusion(all laugh a lot)..
Poppy(laughing) : "but um yeah Stashey those brats despite not seeing me for such long were the most irritating definitely..(all laugh a lot)..”
Stash(laughing a lot) : “it was the whole world vs Blithie at the farm and that also was the key to the surveillance why Niji patrolled Pallet and all why all else my compeers of arms are scattered across is cause guess who was their advocate..(laughs,Mallow and Poppy frown for a moment laughing then instantly burst into laughter and uncontrollably laugh)..REFERENCE PLAT don’t be a gambler thus don't follow Sombre Stat and just pay your bill/but look-only-at when you look at the difference it makes to your psychophysical state LOOK Discuss Gap UNDERSTOOD of the difference that you should understand your earning and expenditure too is just THAT FEEL(all three uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter)..besides i am supposed to be at home now till either of your hubbies returns the military tried to act wise once more today hence was with them they asked me what was the insurance i said it's the same question a pedestrian asked a certain 4.5 year old boy crossing a road recklessly all alone 45 long years back what's the insurance that you won't fail given your physical limitations no matter your desire..,the answer is never was(all laugh..lot),Oh Knowledge don't be a gambler,look at your premises again now(all un..)/if they ask for you to attend them,be cautious that you've a lot of feelings left to endow(all un..,Stash..OH PEWTER HEAR HAS COME FINALLY THE LEADING SOUGH,all un..,all cheers for Dashing CROOK,all un..)”
..................................
(Cuong on route to Oak Labs walking with Primape,Mr Green Nipron,got the number via his sources)
Cuong(frown) : “good morning hombre how’s mind” 
Green(a bit confused) : “um..no i’m ok all ok Mr Ketchum i’m sorry I couldn’t meet you then but..” Cuong(frown) : “shut..”
Green(a bit irritated) : “um..no not that..there wasn’t any risk it was an official visit Mr Ketchum himself asked me..”
Cuong(frown) : “you see Mr Nipron there are levels of assimilations you must appreciate and sure do but the words you spoke the meanings you made are out of sync you see..”
Green(bit excited) : “um..no sorry to interrupt you Mr Ketchum but about the levels of assimilations and the meanings if there is a confusion of simulation i conjecture that will falsify itself in the end by means of emulating reality thus self sufficient..”
Cuong(straight) : "well that has to be applied thus what is the proof.."
Green(excited) : "um..no Mr Ketchum today out here we will learn about the cases with Latias' where the pokemons wanted to land just for food yet the onlookers first of all refused it secondly pressured the rangers to hurt them no matter the amount in order to scare them hence they now will be able to see the confusion being indifferent to reaction of spontaneity unlike affinity to understanding as before.."
Cuong(as if jumping up,excited) : "KYOGRE!..but what would those moments mean to you and them in terms of aggregation..diffusively that is..(cuts off).."..right Primie we're off for the showdown this one is well settled.."
Primape : <to express rigorously it should be against thoughts beautifully mettled>(Cuong bursts into laughter)
..................................
(Cuong gets in the lab,Lillie first)
..................................
Lillie(frown) : "Cuong listen.."
Cuong(frown) : "something that you can't.."
Lillie(shout) : "what did you do to my little doll.."
Cuong(frown) : "she needed treatments..(holding up Lillie she is crying a lot,Cuong's Zoroark holds Lillie up)..Lil listen i'm not a fool ok that you three are trying to be because you believe your hubbies aren't giving enough care to the psychophysical facts that's the whole point why both me and Seth is back else there wasn't any necessity certainly wasn't for Poppy you know that more than me.."
Gary(coming out controlling Lillie she's let off now as he comes in,frown) : "Cuo her doubt in core is same as mine.."
Cuong(straight) : "as prefaced.."
Gary(firmly,controlling Lillie) : "exactly..that there's no assurance for Poppy not after today's absence shenanigans of yours of commitment to cause not presets no that's all"
Cuong(angry) : "fare enough..Seth will come ask him of the shenanigans i'm off to my wife and yeah AGAIN and will be so again..(about to zap out,Lillie stays but Gary is zapped out suddenly).."
Rakim(suddenly coming in,indifferent) : "whoooo..
seeing seeing rough then is pivotal oh so so that/heuristics then in logistics has to say rationale hi/become then oh you lane let you let self go go go go bye/from me reflexive who oh just that's so so so so thy..or are you only my.."
Cuong(scowl) : "a situation.."
Rakim(indifferent) : "is uncoiling's..or delimiting's hologram.."
Lillie(angry) : "i'm off finish up the definition of symmetry you pro-coaliation's dissolution's b..(Cuong un..after Lillie is zapped out by herself).."
Rakim(straight) : "alas hombre caution mere ping pong(Cuong un..long,Rakim goes away).."
..................................
...........(Zed comes home about an hour later after Seth leaves).......…
Torrie(extremely angry) : “Zed you..only because of you this whole mess has come into existence first of all and again you tried to shield yourself by my sweet little Stashey you..”
Zed(laugh) : “nothing is going on that is susceptible to intrigue(laughs a lot,Torrie extremely angry)..sorry mom couldn’t help but more than what’s normal for a patch up after 5 years of through many events after 19 long years of too much familiarity and marital closure respectively(laugh)..mom just calm down it’s ok Cuo and Seth are fine sand together now at the lab as are Poppy and Mulu they have got the best treatment on their issues available at Kanto and the whole world don’t worry they just need good rest as do our gentlemen only with them though in rhymes(laugh) mom please both me and Stashey knew knew bit by bit of everything else why would i not be here after morning afterall as Stashey would’ve been far safer if did what I had been doing..they needed to be on the edge just about enough hence enough safety valves were there(laughs,Torrie scowls at him)..mom please for the 6 of us it takes a couple of minutes that sadly helps only us in illusion not them else would’ve been the case day one(laughs,Torrie sighs)..don’t worry it was just a bad stomach risk(laughs a lot,Torrie frowns) and the rest will be alright as well at the lab once they go there don’t worry I had already taken a tour before you came to know it’s ok..”
Torrie(frown) : “and what were you..”
Zed(laugh) : “I was at Juritared paperworks are ever slow on Playboy Random(laughs..lot,Torrie scowls)..it’s alright mom don’t worry please I’m just too happy myself today cause what is eventual has been so existence can’t be trusted the lab today wasn’t subjected to that today hence(laughs,Torrie still angry scowls at Zed)..(smile)..mom please calm down all are past don’t strain yourself..and no I’m perfectly full and well rested as according to schedule let’s go and meet my dear little sisters in your room that is(laughs)..”
Torrie(still concerned) : “yeah but Cuo is too agitated it’s..” Zed(smile) : “just excitement mom,nothing abnormal for his state it would’ve if he wasn’t he will be fine don’t worry his pad is at stupendous form today Arnie’s opinion not mine as usual corroborated with editions by Kimmie that too isn’t unusual(laugh,Torrie still concerned)..just drop it mom please(Salamence becomes visible and measures Torrie’s hair length,Torrie finally laughs)..so you see it’s always that we’re not enough just think of that action(laughs,Torrie too laughs)..no you go first to the kitchen if the food is there I’ll be late Mime will zap them in with Stashey didn’t meet you straight went up too much waterhomie(both laugh) anyway you may go tend to your daughters as you see i'm being busy(laughs more as Salamence fondles him,Torrie shakes her head laughing)..” Torrie(laugh) : “and why is Stashey not staying here even today(both laugh..lot)” Zed(laugh) : “well he's on his way to the lab now has to be at the lab given what they saw today and especially felt their pets are going ransack and Genkie is at Marengo now Blossie at farm Gladie at Frucifern so someone has to be there Gary has too many stuffs to professionalize today personals to start with(laughs a lot,Torrie too laughs a lot)..(Mallow and Poppy are zapped in by Mr Mime to Torrie’s room downstairs)bit loudly)are Mrs Ketchums in there now(both laugh)”
Poppy and Mallow(ashamed) : “um..bro please..”
Torrie(laughing) : “don’t worry both of your hubbies sweared even me no matter verbally or mentally to keep that balcony AS IT SHOULD BE(both laugh a lot,Poppy and Mallow blushes and shakes their heads laughing)..”
Zed(laugh) : “stay on dears a surprize from mom Silim is too happy..(all laugh)” (Torrie goes to her room)
Poppy(hugs Torrie firmly,smiling) : "mom..are you ok now i wasn't there yesterday after our date there later came to know you went there.."
Torrie(smiling,tendering Poppy) : "i'm fine my little doll i'm all fine.."
Mallow(smile) : “no mom's ok i was with her..but um..(bit disappointed)..um..mom all the 17 years then if not all 31 then all these 7 and then yesterday..um..”
Torrie(smile) : “mom.that’s all ever for full 42 no fragments(hugs Mallow,Mallow beams)..”
Poppy(smile) :”yeah,he’s out to apologize to all and told me might be late cause has some issues in the farm just a set up told me you know his stuffs and his bunch,he’s the most sought after man now everywhere as is Seth even outside I guess and at profession especially for covert things that place has Sinnoh Elite4 office bearers secret and bro is there himself..also Seth and he will be together..”
Torrie(tendering both,bit concerned) : “um..yeah,I know.." but Mulu Zed has just returned home says non-psychophysically Seth can’t do anything thus today being so was stamped as more than secured by none other than a damn Arcanine who eavesdropped you two during your date(all laugh a lot) and Poppy Cuo just told me you’ve been not at all ok and handed me a prescription and medicines and just the length and pages itself scares me and the fact that you will have to be taking help for next three days..what is it dear i know where you were Kumlie told me but didn't say more..”
Poppy(  Torrie,smile) : “no it’s ok mom I was just severely depressed with everything and my profession didn't help me you understand the psychics and all..Sarah and Brauch was there all the time Kumlie fixed them but none barring Cuo could do the whole given my professional experiences and needs and all they did what they could..it’s all ok now I’ve Cuo with me again..um..(blushes)..”
Torrie(smile,  Poppy) : “now as usual including officially my hubby hence always just he(laugh,Poppy blushes and smiles   Torrie,Mallow smiles  er) it’s ok dear I know what both of you two at your heart always Poppy flower and Mulu flower those two brats of yours have been repeating since 3.5 to me all the time they never had any barriers in terms of ethics and morality and honesty as taught as you understand especially by their very own eldest pro(laughs..lot,Poppy and Mallow blushes),but you know as well dears I just don’t like this demand and all,that’s how their dad went and then all this..I just don’t like it..they weren’t home for 5 years always not interested,barely talked about themselves even was very harsh and rude to me..so much..they did tell me about the Sinnoh break and the undercover experiences and why they hesitated then both of you know it just had cast a doubt on my mind given their journey at Unova and undercover especially..and then what happened here we all know and today itself they were saying exactly that..Aurie,Tempie etc they’ve grown up with them and Fel,Tunkie they were brought up by them..it’s just their tears expressed in anger..but I know my little kids they might've been abstruse in their ideas but just are little boys at heart simultaneously with it too..that single life or even higher isn’t for them in gross certainly not after 18 year long relationship or 17 year long marriage after 3 year long relationship total 20 and Zed himself is the proof living for that for he himself the most I had doubts over their mental conditions especially Cuo what he was doing at Nuvema and no I couldn’t believe the allegations and the possibilities cause your dad told me day one what they have to deal with in gross terms and they’re used to it and those two directly have been saying that since the beginning so I couldn’t believe why would they despite knowing everything have the life of obscurity cause their insistence of incisive indifference itself wouldn’t allow them to..thus you know dears I feared that have they become unstable mentally then themselves after Unova returned here Seth kept saying I’m not ok unless with my bunch Cuo was very silent all the time..I asked Seth are those at lab right in their apprehension said my bunch can’t be controlled if I go down their way cause the sole difference is that they can’t get human emotions and hence if forced to it will understand it as a threat that can’t be surmountable thus will do what they know the best that is to self destruct if that’s too much to take then said don’t worry if I commit something within a week there will be a mayhem and I won’t be there to see that even..and this is only Seth as you know as usual that language taught by his two sinister teachers that i seldom met along with the epitome of that half their guardians as well(all laugh shaking their heads)..Seth didn’t speak with me after his first gym at Unova when I actually asked of his health gave the complete procedure of how me and his dad in the process to hire an artist of sanity(all burst into laughter) disrupted his colour collection business too to assist the artist(all laugh a lot)..then Cuo came in after undercover for half a day just to meet me from his very disposition i was so scared he said this is natural then said i only came to tell you that i may not stay married unless my wife can bear with me for as long as it may take i asked him what has happened he only said ask Stashey about his motivation at Zipgarnet beginning and left i realized this is going to be very bad Poppy but you know i knew too none could help you with what you really are Seth told me he'll look after you and did that's all i came to know as much as Cuo looked after Mulu by whatever means they could Zed told me these hence i know but as usual all of his and his all of 9 little brats' brats took all sorts of liberties despite my age Gary is always the modest among them(all laugh..lot)..so I realized they're as usual just somehow getting hindered by any relationships now even in abstract from roaming around just as they have ever done as A Convene Skats(all laugh a lot)..and exactly that goal of life made me reassured that their master brats is only here as one of the never ending steps of chasing their vultures throughout existence which doesn’t make any sense as they themselves know it to be implausible exactly why the ending name is Guzzle Humdrum atleast Phantom's in middle now(all burst into laughter) yeah that’s what the artist depicts to the others hence is a broker rather than a dealer here(both uncontrollably laugh)..and no Poppy as you saw yourself Nuvema really has been a work of art and Accumula too is going in same direction even in just 6 months whole world knows these just as much as Rimsable,Dendemille,Vineville and Twinleaf the way to assemble so many towns and a huge city is all mess like Nuvema like that and I spoke with Electa and Simphu herself was at bay with everything still always told me neither she nor Goro never found anything wrong with Cuo he was same as ever barring the fact that he didn't want to talk about his Poppy flower at all unlike her little bro's insistence on abstract flowers though far more frequently in insinuations than directly before(laughs patting Mallow as do Poppy,Mallow blushes   Poppy)..Mrs Lily whole world knows professionally and spoke with her many times too just like what Glorie was..Zed never gave much thought to it hence me,Professor,Myla and all else somehow kept quite in all these years..but despite Zed’s words whenever I had my apprehension I just remembered that they must be ok afterall cause their honesty never left them only grew with their practices and you know what kind of fortune comes with their position now legally even and at present it's something to another magnitude as they say once in two millenias..it's enough to sustain the of Kalos,Unova,Pasio and Ransei previously was only the biggest two(all laugh..lot)..Unova,Undercover and especially Kalos have contributed to all that fortune all in my hands via Pirrie ofcourse i only know the actual sum of income and what the official tax would be thus give my sign rest only Oak labs authority knows which i've no idea who it is or are barring any Police station peer to peer(all laugh..lot) the lab Cuo was adamant to get Pirrie in officially secured for lab cause Kumlie wanted to leave Kanto itself and go to Pasio was so much saddened and sulking with Cuo hence he tried to pay Pirrie full salary of what she was getting from Kumlie's farm too which wasn’t possible unless he cut of his expenditures severely cause it's an unimaginable sum Kumlie himself was so sad and angry and despaired said look aunty now he's competing with me either i listen to him or listen to his sis and then Pirrie herself said the kind of expenditure was needed to be cut for that to be possible which he won’t thus would literally work 23/7 now and still wanted to drag the Team Rocket case outside profession and involve the dubious investors there too via Sinnoh Elite4 official lawyers which would’ve been an worldwide chain hence was too dangerous then Sabrina finally severely reprimanded Cuo but as you know same obsessive little boy so Pirrie only managed it getting her application for changing regions accepted by Pasio and Trace released her too from all responsibilities as neither would Gary not support his bro no matter what nor would Zed say anything as ever told me it’s eventual now or later whole world will be involved here so why bother anyway somehow Kumlie and Pirrie wanted to sell their things out and objected vociferously only then did he budge..Seth told him not to drag everyone in his mess but those two you know never any solutions possible(all laugh..lot)..and amidst all this master brats were bouncing and bobbing all the time mentally though if none knew(all un..)..Zed,Genki and Blossie have a life I know that since they came and they do keep an eye over their little bros all time as you know as they do with the whole world given master brats are under them as well if they're needed that is legally(all laugh..lot)..they as you know never counted in these discussions especially Daily Hologram(all laugh..lot)..and that's the reason for Cuo's case you know even Lui said i'm sorry aunty but Raki is a bad bad being what can you do about it it's bad it's bad(all un..),i once confronted him he ofcourse doesn't understand any difference of emotions if he's the receiver not the person ownself(all burst..),so told me yeah if you throw a ball upside you keep looking at it while it's not where you're looking in specific and in general if you want to catch it it's never there only space is which it reaches and breaches till you catch it thus thing as operable and it's abstraction as functionable both are mere Hologram of intention not emotion how can intention help it if you miss the ball of have an itching sensation in your eyes suddenly(all un..)..so Mr Jim again told me that it's a seclusion area agnostic knowledge that Raki's not a good compeer(all un..)..but neither Zed nor Genkie and Blossie nor Ciddy and Gladie and Muntie nor me want our sweet little Cuo and Seth to be away from us cause they are extremely delicate persons barely can live with anyone at a personal emotional level but people whom they sees exactly as them like only Gary obviously(all laugh..lot) rest are their family those who are Brock,Penny,Trace,Lui and all but it’s not at this personal sphere for him and we’re his direct family Gary in a way too Brock no question for anyone bounds of definition agnostic(all laugh..lot) thus can’t provide they what they want that’s their soulmates and I’m no professional but Mimey I know inside out and she can work independently of me and even suggests to me small things regarding her daily routine if I forget just reminds me in a way more cognizable manner as to point out the exact needs which is impossible and I’m all protected thus as well with such a psychic/ice class pokemon and she is a very strong type being fairy-psychic-ice as well I read things as you know and all of you told me and during Unova you know all those psychics were with me and Mime was with Cuo and Seth for 6 months thrice in spans and then you know how without Mippie it would’ve been impossible for me to survive during all those innumerable times of crisis..but you know dears,today after I got the news via Gary of all that they haven’t behaved well with Professor Oak himeslf..really I was scared to death despite Zed’s words..”
Mallow(smile) : “no mom,he’s ok now..you know our relationship..it’s just that as you said he needs his soulmate and I was mistaken in this that I could be his girlfriend i could be his wife which was Poppy's case with Cuo but not that exactly my illusion..we had to travel separated most of Pasio and even more at Johto as you know and then he was always uneasy with normalcy(all laugh..lot)..was just starting in profession then so was ok in a way his bunch too wasn’t at that level but Unova came 9 long years after that journey ended and it was a different story there I get it now..he and all of his siblings have been like that always just the boundless love they have for all is expressed in a manner to irritate all most as you know with the language and all for Seth is the exact opposite to his elder bro in the expression of his heart and for Seth that’s extended to me too in a way but again due to the relationship just normal stuff..he just never came into terms with our breakup cause as I realize now to him I’m no different to himself like as you said soulmate and hence was just completely torn apart inside and undercover having followed immediately didn’t help him at all and thus was always agitated no matter what he did at Kalos with so much outreach outside profession still something was missing he wasn’t himself really and that’s all is that he wanted me and didn’t have me..plus all the things he has done with his bunch too mom I’m realizing slowly wasn’t really full as you know and was talking about the honesty I just didn’t understand the depth of his feelings towards me except in hindesight thus my own problems too..he wasn’t just balanced sometimes did get too agitated even before you know him always loves his abstraction never stable if day-to-day life touches him that drags him out of there hence tries to pull them right in his very own place..and told me today itself just Tyrie and Solgy(both laugh)..well they are everhappy now as you know hearing at moment what they call that maddening tune(both laugh) but their master is well now I just saw him after our moment today mom he is ok finally with his Mulu again just as ever..(smiles and blushes)..”
Torrie(laugh) : “too much bonhomie thus perfectly tied down to his soulmate(laughs tendering Mallow,Mallow blushes)..and about his Mulu I know too whole being is only about Seth(laughs in same pose,Mallow smiles)..as you said dear,Seth just was hiding his pain from the break-up and only when he came back here this month itself after 4 long years did I realize it..he only came once the day he returned after undercover Zed told me from before not to ask him anything so just asked of my health and etc stayed just an hour had a meal went out next day lab next day again out to Kalos Stashey never returned..then this month returned and stayed here for one day then next day went out to that farm..then from that day itself you know what he started the reason why all at lab were just devastated and had given up on him..I just didn’t know what has got to him suddenly that he turning on everyone here questioning their professionalism and even pointing his finger to Myla of all people as well(all laugh)..Gary wasn’t spared either the only person who was spared was Professor and today when I heard he broke through that too I was seriously concerned..Zed stayed here whole time at lab and he had a person with him all along whose identity Zed too didn’t give me just the Sinnoh Elite4 HQ confirmed is one of their designated persons to do some works that’s confidential and one day we all got him when he was alone with Seth’s bunch and gravely assured us that things are under firm control not to lose ourselves thinking of otherwise and went off..Gary was there too to help avoid any inconvenient situation and later told us this guy is definitely authentic and certainly is an extremely high level trainer once in many centuries infact he said cause knows how to interact with this bunch too freely..and you know the lab and how much he and they mean to each other and all especially Quittie was just inconsolable..Professor himself ever says it’s run by him and his bros entirely and hence it is what it is and with Gary and Trace are exactly like him hence they are just the same the three but then I just didn’t realize what would hurt him so much that he will point his finger on the last person in the world Gary..and then he started to just accuse you of things that can’t be even imagined but Kalos,Kanto and Sinnoh Elite4 said nothing can be done there’s a reason for all these and surely we didn’t know if it was just to reconcile or totally destroy you..I don’t know how Zed managed this situation from not getting out of hand but Kimmie was present at the field to restrain all,Mippie at the lab for the same reason with their counterparts,Mime was kept with the bunch as well as Arnie was here with me and you know how each day people came here and all..with a pseudo-legendary fire type that is once in a couple of millenia pokemons who in a way could actively participate in human discussions just like that whole bunch but being way more patient and prudent was something too much to not be respectful of too all that came..even 11 city administration was concerned again the 3 Elite4s assured them..Zed had Silim and was just doing rounds around whole Pallet never left and those from authority who came just showed them what they asked for and kept them away..just put a sort of wall between us and Seth..then after the match at Cerulean Seth was totally changed overnight and then only we came to know the reasons in full except your health condition..he then was all time at the farm I never saw him neither did anyone else till he came back here after a week..then seemed to be someone from another world I was extremely scared Zed said don’t bother he has to make a decision cause he has nothing left to do which is his illusion..I confronted him saying what do you mean said as usual mom none can help it except he himself..I understood thus it’s only to reconcile despite his logics again that was told in a language that was used to just dissect all those who created the trouble and you too in an indirect way..Zed again kept us in check said the leader needs to straighten up everything can’t be said in public in details..and then Julio and Malcolm was designated Seth may’ve told you he met them during undercover I know them Mulu as I said both called me after you invited all to a party and said you weren’t all right at all and they even suspect this party too but you can be cured so I was just hopeful..but then you came that day and all I was happy that may be just wants to date you among his bunch with all the memories but then I heard has put up a sort of iron wall..Gary came very dejected and just told me grandpa has been hurt by Seth beyond limits with his words today I’m sorry to say this but you may be needed now cause afterall he’s 94 I’m a bit concerned,I was aghast really cause had a premonition that he said something pointing his finger to the fact which I heard from Gary himself after he,Trace,Quittie,Tunkie,Cello and Fel were told simultaneously..Gary was devastated that how they have made up lies now that will create a huge seismic wave throughout cause of the pokemons and all again Zed firmly said those who didn’t participate in the process of the translator project better try to learn than judge and again he dispersed everyone..you probably have heard how hard that situation was Mulu,Brawn and Oscar firmly stood with us and even they had to have Silim and Arnie cause not respectively cause not all under them were so and Kimmie and Mippie both were at the lab for everything to go well,Bulby was with me along with Mime whole time then Zed didn’t have any pokemons with him and stayed at Cerulean as you know said Mulu won’t be able to bear this one unless I be physically present at the gym itself neither the others but they are married now you see so it’s ok..anyway,then everything was alright and all till this trouble Seth created again..and no before your date yesterday Zed called me before just one sentence as you know you’ve taught us to wait and observe actions are best executed only then I can say that my part has been done for today I’ll be unavailable for the rest of the day Kimmie is present at lab for the world to see thus the rescue parties along with Mippie on Professor to take care of him so don’t bother(both laugh)..then I texted him before he went to oblivion(both laugh)..no I was really so much concerned with Seth today Mulu,he just wasn’t alright I understood cause with his character to say these and for Gary to get concerned I just didn’t know what would happen if somehow he didn’t have you back or if he would do something to you as well so I told Zed who said being from the same family I’ve had these ideas too hence taken measures beyond observations don’t worry it’s a matter of professional unfoldment(both laugh)..so I realized some brat must have been kept to watch over Seth as well(both laugh)..later it turned out to be a fire pseudo-legend again just as my protection was during Unova and then in those two weeks(both laugh)..still you know I thanked God that atleast your dad had an Arcanine too as his first pseudo-legend hence I knew a bit on their foods thankfully(both laugh)..anyway then,I went there Professor was very grave and sad and all,Gary told me of Mippie too and said not to tell anyone..then they told me he better not be disturbed and I had only Lisk with me won’t allow me to enter the field then Fel,Aurie,Benji,Jitters,Tempie and Igor and then even Ellie and Sintu were agitated too said we will see what he can do,Allie and Giddy tried to control them,Aju and Zennie controlled Quittie she was just shattered,Tunkie wasn’t happy either and Arrie and Glennie too were saying that it’s useless to just observe as we fall apart so they too were shaken with his words,then Cello just told that they are concerned to be in the family which did put the fire in haystick that got even Hilbert and Balthazar to get agitated and all..Quittie was managed and all then Lisk didn’t do anything but we went out and all of our transporters were destroyed in a matter of moments by Luxray,Klink,Roarie,Hiri,Rampardos and Aggron as Lisk,Mantine,Pichie and Avulie stopped us and it was the sigh that unless you behave we will doze you off via Kimmie who was only silently observing as usual(both laugh)..Dase had brought him in as she had him all time you didn’t see thankfully(both laugh)..Dase tried to persuade us then couldn’t so followed us with Kimmie..all were about to erupt and Kimmie I realized was getting ready to do something about it just waiting for Daisy and Lisk to say something and Lisk too just keenly was observing me..then Gary again came to know just came in and said don’t do this if you want to see Mallow again he can’t hide anywhere cause all knows him too well and that will actually break his whole image and all hence he knows it..so we were really in such a grave situation then finally the protective belt was lifted and all those electric types etc were in a usual self so Gary went there with Kimmie first who now lectured him to the limitless(all laugh) but you weren’t there with the dragons and just he had written a not at the cabin that it’s Marengo and you have patched up so we knew that..anyhow,honey(smiles at Mallow)..all’s well that end’s well..that part is done but he gave me the prescription and all how are you now after the medicines given already?”
Mallow(smile) : “I’m ok mom..I just never came to agreement with that break up either and then the Gym and show and all that..I just was depressed but now I’m ok..Seth himself cured me exactly why he did what he did at the gym and only he could do all those there literally as well..and no today he was very agitated and this again was a way to give opposite pressure upon my nerves to cure my left over depression..he will get things sorted out at lab don’t bother and bro anyway kept an eye on everything and all that remains at the gym and all Seth will too resolve with his position..I just wanted him with me..um..(blushes,Torrie smiles)..”
Torrie(smile) : “I’m so happy to have you back Mulu as well,I just couldn’t believe myself then either..but only good days are ahead now..but(smile)..where did he take you at Marengo after the checkup?”
Mallow(blush,smile) : “um..well it was a surprize just went in and out of the place only the foods I saw(both laugh)..”
Torrie(laugh) : “I see the hospital itself indeed back to normalcy..(both laugh)..anyhow Mulu,you must be tired now and you do look very much so..lets go prepare the beds..he’ll be late and told me you need rest and was pretty serious(Mallow a bit concerned as well)..it’s just the night too too long due for 18 longing years(laugh,Mallow blushes hard)..just come on and have something first..by-the-way Mulu,you’re in the Hall of Fame too..”
Zed(laugh,came in just) : “yeah the proper one(all laugh)..yeah the ViP is down the same notaion too(all laugh) anyway first and foremost my dear little doll,you aren’t blushing anymore I guess in your VERY own room with us hum(all laugh)..”
Mallow(smile) : “no you will now(all laugh)..” Zed(smile,patting Mallow) : “no it’s ok Mulu I’m in a hurry still with the downtown(all laugh) just take your food..no Seth was more than fine all time you know him that’s all(laughs,Mallow smiles,Torrie smiles too shaking her head)..I just want to say that your locals aren’t so at all all your family just fitted them and they will greet you when you return from Pinkenberry if you so wish your hubby isn’t abstract about personal plannings ever at all(Torrie and Zed laughs,Mallow blushes)..yeah still blushing(Torrie and Zed laughs,Mallow smiles)..all is fine with everything the rest Seth will tell you himself have a little sleep today after food I’ll see you tomorrow many things are needed to be done actually all Seth will tell you..but um..mom I have some personal talks with Mulu that may tense you much given the current conditions please it’s ok mom Seth isn’t doing anything that I don’t know and that’s all for me don’t worry he won’t be reckless it’s ok..” Torrie(concerned) : “um..alright Zed just take of your little bro you know him..” Zed(smile) : “yeah I do always will(Torrie and Mallow both smiles)..but(laugh) I’m sorry mom but you may find some objections today onwards if you use a certain phase too many times(laughs,Torrie too laughs patting Mallow’s cheeks,Mallow blushes deeply)..so yeah finally official documents too say that our daughter-in-law is indeed too sweet a cute little doll no matter the age specified thus isn’t ever mental that is(laughs,Torrie too laughs,Mallow smiles,both tender Mallow a bit then Torrie leaves)..” Zed(smile) : “right,it’s about Chansbert Mulu I’ve been at Flexdijon whole day till she was arrested today itself tried to flee couldn’t was under observation still doing her stuffs that none could stop if people volunteered that is ever the case but now caught red handed so the whole little gang is off finally and that gym too huge chain there now all busted we will have to put our family there too Flexdijon is too important for the whole world and too dangerous if it isn’t as we know..but that’s all Mulu it’s ok now that chapter is closed but you know for the whole week now that your locals were only your family so you were in check but I don’t know about outside profession dear but know about them in all these years more than Seth for sure in this particular case you know your husband he will not cease till he eradicates the 5 years thoroughly and this he better leave for itself to die out and observed over by Violet and her contacts and if need be then Lillie too will do the rest,now Mulu I know about as Seth would say beautiful men all about them even the suspended one I have to keep contact with and told Seth about them once he wanted to know after his realizations but what I ask you is that Seth may have may not have is just that is there any danger associeted with any possible names that you can recall that either during that psychic healing and all you might’ve not recalled even or he might’ve not pushed you more in it looking at your condition or might’ve done it too much himself wasn’t ok or just totally forgot to ask..this is my only question dear nothing else take you time it’s ok you’re at your home now..” Mallow(bit thoughtful and dejected) : “um..no bro..Seth did ask and did push me as is his character and Stashey is still enraged do see him..I never did anything there that thought never occurred to me as you know that it never did anything good to me or Lil ever Viol has her character that’s just ever unattached we don’t have that hence Lil suffered most protecting me all time as you know and infact that’s the whole mess I just should’ve understood it and walked off after my first nomination itself..” Zed(smile,mild voice) : “Mulu no big bro would want his baby sis to lament over illusions hum my little doll(patting Mallow’s head)..just the facts..” Mallow(smiling broadly) : “um..thanks bro it’s ok..no so as I said no that thought never even occurred to me infact I wanted to go as far away as possible from it so no it’s ok infact I myself never thought much about these cause Lil managed everything ever and nothing could still happen unless Viol agreed she was the gatepass no matter what she was doing and then Dase was there in profession too firmly nothing happened and no after Unova I just gave up on my personal life and Johto only affirmed it as you know all so no it’s ok there’s no trouble but bro Cerulean isn’t happy at all with Seth if that..” Zed(laugh) : “place tries to do anything they will find out these two(Gengar and Sableye appears,Mallow smiles)..don’t worry Seth has been handling that since 10 infact and in Kalos he has more name outside than inside that press has stopped everything there if not at Cerulean(laughs,Mallow too laughs)..Cerulean will see some grand shows now I just had to know if any grudges are associeted or not that can only be troublesome cause you will have to live here but now I know it so it’s alright dear you just live happily at the gym it’s ok..(smiles,Mallow smiles too)..and no you didn’t need to walk off or in cause it’s all just to understand the being to self to being to again self thus just abstract zeal(laughs,Mallow smiles)..right now take rest I’ll have to leave Seth will be late have to uninsinuate things out at the lab takes time especially with the likes of Trace(both laugh)..anyway I’m telling mom you want to sleep with your mommy hum..(smiles,Mallow smiles)..it’s ok all official finally(both laugh)..see you soon I’ll have to sort out many things Gengars are too impatient unlike dragons though sadly in these days(both laughs)..” Mallow(smiles,a bit ashamed) : “um..bro just a thing I’ve not been..” Zed(smile) : “Colmie and Julio are as much Seth’s bro as is Harris and Kane dear it’s just alright don’t worry they are distinction holders Mulu same as hall of fame..they understood most of it themselves barring the actualities hence were rather concerned for their sis-in-law’s well being in the past 5/6 weeks..Lubos head at Sinnoh as you know sanctioned this one as well and Percy is supporting by all means only thus we could get our hindrences at Platue off Lance,Simon,Sakura,Ceaser,Tila and just a few are at our side but they are top brass hence infact the whole Elite4 hasn’t crashed 5 years ago itself..it’s ok Mulu you need not to think of it till you feel well just a few places you might be required to give letters at most that’s all..it’s all ok dear more than enough for you to just focus on your Seth now officially(laughs,Mallow smiles)..take care Mulu bye..(Mallow reciprocates and bye)..” (outside)
Zed(smile) : “yeah mom it would be better if she sleeps with you for both(smiles,Torrie smiles)..just make her sleep quickly and you sleep too as soon you look much jaded after whole day’s saga it’s 1:15 anyway just have a nice sleep I’ll have to go now,just take care..(Torrie smiles and reciprocate,Zed leaves)”
Cuong(enters his room few moments later after calling Poppy and zapping her in,agitated) : "we're leaving to () no you heard right don't bother in case.."
Poppy(frown) : "Cuo please would you stop this.."
Cuong(angry) : "no i don't get it.."
Poppy(laugh) : "neither do they like Lil was ok till one day she so angrily said why that lowlife provided them only a pen without ink just in case of counterfeit you know honey could've told them to check if it's not a prank afterall(un..laughs..,Cuong too laughs finally shaking his head)..Viol doesn't comprehend anything barring what i was doing(both burst..)..only Dase was unhappy as usual not with any of you in hindsight but because the jackal miserably failed once more to keep communications like Mr Skechit is this call made from past to fit into proportionate present of a class(both un..long).."
.....(Seth returns,4:30 AM)…
Seth(agitated) : “Ah!food,food,just 15 minutes I’ve till I go to my room(Mallow and Torrie laughs) the wait to get it to be most ENGAGING..too much bonhomie ain’t it compeers(Mallow and Torrie laughs as Gengar,Greninja,Pikachu and Sableye tickles Seth)..anyway you brats just get off(all zap out Mime zaps in),Mime have you eaten my food up as well?”
Mr Mime : <you’re idiotic so was wasting your time with substandard food forgetting the span of the enjoyment thus actually that very enjoyment forced sorrow upon you didn’t it cause the idea of enjoyment is just a span ephemeral in the despondency of your sanity ain’t it look-only-at>..(Torrie laughs a lot,Mallow bursts into laughter)
Seth(trying to wrestle Mr Mime) : “I show you..you cl..” Torrie(laugh,Mallow also laughs) : “Seth leave her alone” Seth(whinning) : “she always eats my foods,messes my things up,doesn’t open the door quickly when I come back(both laugh),conspires with my bunch to sabotage my sleep IN THOSE .IFYING FEELINGS(both Torrie laughs,Mallow blushes) and she prefers you over me always DUE TO TOO MUCH BONHOMIE(both laugh even more)..(frown)Mime,I’m your actual master,you know that” Mr Mime : <an irony that is>(Torrie and Mallow uncontrollbaly laugh) Seth(frown) : “and for all these 24 years of service she has taught you say this as payment?(Torrie and Mallow burst into laughter) I’ll show you..Gengy,Ninjie,Chu,Sablie” (all zaps in again and joins Mime)
Seth(scowl) : “so I’m the devil’s favourite villian then universally accepted? (sigh) really Seth Ketchum,your lady luck has turned psychophysical again finally at ending youth 6 days to go ain’t it compeers”(all burst into laughter and Gengar,Greninja,Chu,Sableye and Mr Mime pester Seth for a while then all zap out)
(after Seth goes to change and refresh) Torrie(smile) : “Pokemon Master or alleged Playboy,with his pokemons ever the little baby,ever too dependent as if they are exactly his in their word reflection(both broadly smile)..that nature is his true self,that’s my real Seth and that hasn’t been remotely tainted,I’m overjoyed” Mallow(smile) : “yes mom,his true nature indeed is exactly like that and as he says is all cause of that of his in-their-words Choiced brats sadly though(both laugh),and he shall be like that always(smile)..” Torrie(smile) : “seeing Seth with his pokemons, it’s just the most beautiful thing and now I’ve got you as the crown jewel on top honey” Mallow(smile) : “thanks mom,I’m all too happy”.
Torrie(smile, ehadi) : “Mulu,I’m so happy to have you two back,Seth hasn’t been home the last 5 years,always bit unmindful and I also heard you weren’t well either in the Gym despite all you success,but now I’m so happy to have him back to his own self as is Mimey and we all have you,really it’s all just so wonderful..”
Mallow(smile,  Torrie) : “mom,only better days ahead it will be,and I’m ecstatic myself that I’m officially now part of the Ketchum Family”
Torrie(bit concerned) : “but you know he needs to calm down a bit too now with the career all over and just has got married now should give some times to think about home..”
Mallow(smile) : “mom,he’s been a bit stressed,that’s all,he needs rest and family closure and he’s getting that,don’t worry”
Torrie(smile) : “no I don’t,now that you’re with us as well,I absolutely don’t” Mallow(smile) : “thanks Mom”..
(knock at door,4:50)
Torrie(surprized) : “whose it at this..” Seth(scowl going to the door) : “NO NONE!..I’ll myself inquest whose s.. couldn’t exhaust all the s..” Mallow(scoff) : “Seth SHUT UP!(both she and Torrie tries to go but Sableye and Mr Mime and respectively ceases them and Gengar stays near them all invisible)” Seth(frown,opening the door,Greninja has zapped in behind Seth invisible,Pikachu zaps in with Greninja and is on Seth’s shoulder) : “whose c.. has been too s.. for b..(opens door,bursts into laughter)..Ninjie keep it..I see(laughs)..professional clowns(claps)..welcome senors welcome..(laughs)..(sternly)..Chu make them feel it just enough..Gengy zap them in Ninjie keep it..(all gets in,Benjamin,Felix,Glenn,Albert,Gordon,Ariel,Arjen,Zenith,Zeta,Scintilla,Aurora,Ela)..Gengy,Sablie zap Mulu out to my room keep the present up don’t link the past,Mime doze mom off for 4 hours in her room and come here she needs rest urgently and mom you can hear it after you wake up don’t worry these clowns will remain..Chu guard the main door..not one brat except Zed or his 4 may enter..mind it..don’t go overboard with anyone..right(laughs)..what s.. do I look mad huh do I look insane imbalanced out of the mind what what is the right word explain it one by one..(laughs a lot)..” Benjamin(grave) : “bro listen..”
Seth(laughs) : “have you forgotten my name Benji huh(laughs)..” Benjamin(sternly) : “I’ll have to unless you prove that..” Albert(solem) : “Ben!ENOUGH!let me talk!..” Seth(laugh) : “b.. no no Allie don’t bother I perfectly understand that you’re only 5 weight up to 6 and Glennie is only going to backstab you all isn’t it Glennie dear(laughs)..” Glenn(sigh) : “bro all we want is in an explanation that’s all..” Seth(laughs) : “so basically I’m bounded by the great law to deliver it to you don’t I Fel..(laughs)..” Felix(angry) : “yeah just as your..”
Ariel(scoff) : “Fel..what the..”
Seth(frown) : “Mime zap these brats out to Zed’s room barring Fel Ninjie go there and hold them up..Mime stay there forget me..”
Felix(angry) : “yeah omnipotence isn’t it Seth..” Seth(frown) : “of s.. yeah(Felix tries to hit Seth,but Seth himself hold him up using nerveous channels)..don’t push me Fel I warn you say whatever you want about me and my motives with her don’t drag her in it won’t good if I hear one more insinuation from you..(let’s Felix go)..” Felix(dissapointed) : “it’ll be hard you know to work further here given the Gods has descended to make it heaven as well as the representative himself says..” Seth(laugh) : “cause you can’t swear him(laughs)..” Felix(shout) : “Mallow has always been my big sis no matter which b.. f.. her up or she s.. with or not and will remain so NOT BECAUSE OF YOU and nothing else when that b.. from..” Seth(frown) : “Fel you’re talking with your big bro and talking about your big sis first who is his wife second so calm down alright..I know about Frucifern and everything it’s ok I’ve not come up blindly just at a moments impulse that ok let’s now go and grab a b.. I knew everything I could about everything here in 5 years only thus that Cerulean w.. has ceased to exist and I’ve found Mulu and you understand what I mean by that she was in as much illusion that’s not her but that w.. who doesn’t exist anymoe at all and never did or will due to being illusion and that’s all about the hours spent yesterday to get rid of that b.. nothing else..what could be done has been abou the gross stay calm and this is enough swearing for a day CALM DOWN..” Felix(dejected) : “just because I couldn’t..” Seth(  Felix,smile) : “what is it my sweet doll hum that you’re not a trainer hence fail every time to do anything with madcaps hum who never asked for it..(Felix hugs Seth very dissapointed)..(tendering Felix)..sweetie,you always have the whole world with you why bother about particulars hum remember about the maxima and minima of Houndoom hum..(laughs and pats Felix)..now what is max next day becomes min,look at the cycle that’s all symmetric in the middle who sits thus knows only due to him it’s so now my dear little bro please beam(pats Felix)..” Felix(same pose bit smile) : “what would’ve been a trouble if you just told us and I’m..” Seth(smile,same pose) : “you don’t have to be it’s ok dear I get the love you have for me that’s all words never matter hence that address as well..I couldn’t take any of my sweetest little kids could I Fel hum..it was just she and me and no she has come much later I have been going through these for 37 years Fel if Trace was in your would’ve been the same no matter his bunch cause he doesn’t take them and even if do doesn’t matter,with Professor the same and the rest too with Hilbert or Benji anyone..it’s ok dear if you have one from my bunch or Zed’s or Gary’s you’re a world beater we all know that you all do as well but that would take a toll on you wouldn’t it..” Felix(same pose,bit dejected) : “no I understood all bro you just wanted to stay apart we all did realize it and abide by it except when you mouthed Myla aunty off..she cried so much first day you know it was..” Seth(smiles,pats Felix same pose) : “just to get rid of her Fel..Zed later told her in details I also left a note in her room and texted her right after..but you know how much love she has for all of us took a bit of time that’s all..realized it very quickly as well given her penetrative prowess that we all know of then later I called just said sorry but will explain it later exactly why this was done realized it just said cross yourself all you want but don’t try yourself too at the same time that only hinders your process just this I said yeah will remember thanks and cut off(laugh)..and I told you she’s just the extension of my mom and only due to the extension the language was harsh..mom herself saw how I removed her even today..it’s hard Fel I’ll tell you all later all of you let me go to my flower now atleast(laughs)” Felix(smile) : “um..yeah bro but um..” Seth(laugh) : “mate listen I vividly recall you were 3 me 10,told me to help you in the washroom day 1 at school(laughs)..you’ll remain that dear non psychophysical ever don’t bother(smiles and pats Felix,Felix smiles  oy)..you 6 who are younger to us and Gary we literally hijacked you all away from your parents Fel you know that we can’t leave you no matter you(laughs patting Felix,Felix broadly smiles  oy very firmly)..besides I’ve only spoken of your childhood how’s your eternal sweetie though Mrs Tintini(both laugh)” Felix(laugh) : “well it’s another saga really told me after I met her after you left the lab first with sis and aunty that um..Fel we had much disagreement today are you sure that the model break-up day wasn’t about just um..too much spices cause bro has kept a lots of foods and all there as you know and today I wanted to taste something um..entertaining(both burst into laughter)” Seth(laugh) : “thus you see the level of infatuation atleast you REVOLTED(both laugh)..” Felix(laugh) : “well Igo met you I guess didn’t want to come up cause Quittie was crying all along said she is suffering from memories(both laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “yeah got the Palkian chain said that’s my real bro I smiled outside mocked him inside that indeed you brat just go out tomorrow you’ll see the real pro(both laugh)..it’s a different dimension we’ve seen today Fel massive stuff all in good times..” Felix(smile) : “yeah I get it bro I get it..sis herself was only waiting for you to chide her and not pamper you know cause you never did it to her(both laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “oh yeah absolutely just said don’t take my name call by surname cause it’s disturbing to me that people would try to exploit familiarity at a certain span in temporal scale long past now inexistent,Seth how could you call me Mallow..(both laugh)..hence you know it ever hurts me more if I chide her looking at her plight(all laugh)..same stuff you know only wish Chansbert wasn’t involved Fel and except that brat from Frucifern all were polite met the others they never crossed the line with her one always has some complains against me that you know(laughs,Felix broadly smiles) still with the rest was way more deep and true that’s all(smiles,Felix too smiles)..” Felix(smiles) : “no nothing is real bro hence that only remained true(both smile)..anyway enough with today Benji I will tackle his problem is he wasn’t allowed during participation(both laugh)..rest all are so and so and Glennie backstabbed me,Igo,Benji and Aurie too(both laugh)..his trouble is similar he wants to test the accuracy of the method to become assured of the same accurately if applied(both laugh)..so it’s ok Allie and Ellie are just dissapointed as is Giddy..Ellie a bit more due to being barred by his two mentors here to jump into the field without any brats not even a damn Marill(both laugh)..and Giddy was a bit more dissapointed cause Trace would’ve managed to rile you up enough as usual to get you distracted for him to do his dirty works there(both laugh)..but Allie was unmoved saying all will need medication just wait and see(both laugh)..but you just talk with Aurie you know she is genuinely dissapointed not just because both her big bros didn’t confide things to her a month before(both laugh)..Cello is ok like Allie said pokemon master..hmm..(both laugh)..so she’s ok her hubby is more dissapointed enough to say I’ll go to Unova you coming or only calls(both laugh)..so babysitting rather hence is busy(both laugh) but Igo and Quittie were very upset has she spoken too” Seth(laugh) : “oh yeah straightway hugs me to death feed me by your own hands or else I won’t eat(both laugh)..well infact your sis told me the same after this call me sweetie no matter the harsness or else I’ll sob more(both laugh)..things don’t go away dear if they hold you that’s all(both broadly smiles)..” Felix(smile) : “yeah indeed bro just that as Igo said is the real bro(both smile)..but no I’ve acted to be enough a pro to hinder your sweet sweet journy to a to that never has a fro(both laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “countering yeah(both laugh)..anyway you’re off Aurie is in(both laugh then hug each other then Felix is Zapped out by Greninja and then she returns zapping in with Aurora)..” Seth(frown) : “what is the cause of you grievance not knowing things out of your judiciary or not being able to disturb me enough today..” Aurora(frown) : “no none could disturb you today could they Seth..” Seth(laugh) : “Ninjie..oh no Aurie none could none including my little sisters and brothers throughout eternity Aurie none could and no don’t bother you may have an idea that why am I calling people alone thus..Ninjie get the rest in tell Mime to continue here except Fel..(all are Zapped in,Mr Mime holds up all,Felix isn’t held up,Greninja stands quitely)..right see compeers Aurie told me that none could’ve stopped me today due to what is your central cause for dissent so let’s dissect this..Ninjie help Mime..right so I was just getting started with Aurie that no none really could disturb me today those whom I’ve considered to be me beyond eternity no they couldn’t cause you see duality is a huge aspect of life except that all is only a mirage from within hence no they couldn’t cause they would’ve found out a deceit in me today hence no they couldn’t as that deciet was just to force the idea of this duality out of someone who has remained to me dual hence no they couldn’t cause that idea wouldn’t leave her at all thus only she will remain mine and not go higher thus no they couldn’t thus it’s understandable to the atmost that I decived her today itself that indeed I’m the real for you due to my strength not weakness to get away from you thus no absolutely true it is that no they they couldn’t..” Aurora(crying, oy,rest smile,Benjamin shivers a bit a bit of tears then hugs Greninja and tenders her,Greninja licks him) : “bro..would you remember..” Seth(  Aurora,patting her,smile) : “that
my sweetest dear little sis called me by name(laughs)..besides you all should know once more that I love Aurie the most cause she herself stepped down from twin position(laughs,Aurora smiles and still cries in joy,rest smiles,Benjamin too has tears wipes off,Felix laughs)..sweetie you’ve known it after you’ve known who I really am to you and all of you included thus it’s illusive already as much as if you little brats the reality will shine dears exactly what your sis too got today(smiles)..” Benjamin( oy very firmly,Seth hugs him too smiling and tenders him) : “no bro surely..(laughs)..we’re only going to try you won’t we(rest smiles,Seth laughs)..” Seth(laugh,  Benjamin too) : “indeed you will Benji cause you were my only supporter that wasn’t a not not male in appearance among these clowns that are of similar age(all laugh) excluding Scarlie yeah forgot sorry(all laugh) thus only I’ve become we..(laughs,all smile)” Ela(smiles, oy very firmly,Seth hugs her too and pats her) : “bro we’re just so happy to have you back it’s never the same can’t be either as you just said..(all smile)..” Gordon(smiles, oy) : “and not for you too..” Albert(laugh) : “but enough with it you brats for God’s sake don’t try my theory when I go to my non-psychophysical beau(all laugh,Seth laughs a lot)” Seth(laugh) : “so it was a veil then rhyming with Blaziken whose that pokemon Allie who(all laugh and then all smile,Seth and Albert hug each other smiling,Seth says attitude,all brust into laughter)..no could’ve gone down that route was in full privacy too(all laugh) hece just proceeded saying whose whose beau(all laugh)..no she needed this you know with Chansbert and all and just that bit of psychophysicality still was left I’ll tell all of you later saw a picture of her at Platue got something there hence only returned dears your sis was my soulmate I realized before only thus did go to extreme cause it’s about views and all you are this I was confirmed once more and the distance from you is cause of that view you realize that too I guess(laughs,rest broadly smiles)..well another of the view is that devilish little rosy pest too and that brat is too dreamy now to be not here mentally I guess..(all laugh)..” Aurora(laugh) : “yesterday itself was supporting Benji while chiding me left and right(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “that how dare you question my bro my hubby says told me to differentiate between intensity and honesty which always doesn’t go together in that proportionate trail(all brust into laughter)..” Benjamin(laugh) : “yeah we’ll have to remember the same when we return safely..this brat I tendered out of glee told her that my dear you’re just me(all laugh) the answer is according to Kalos you see if one wants it to be so in reality doesn’t conclude with the wish that wish I too could be(all burst into laughter)..hence yeah life is indeed going to be way way harder(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “but yeah Fel and you all too what I didn’t tell you but do tell your little infatuated beaus(all laugh)..that just in a few hours may be Mr Oak will ring you all in honesty all so true,that there’s a huge surprize awaiting us all focul tickling Kalos says expands it’s span only to be most enjoying maddening tune which is true..(laughs,rest smile and wonder)..expand dears just expand that’s all(laughs,rest broadly smiles)..” Gordon(laugh) : “I do only see now why too Mallowvious for eternity(all laugh)..anyway we all want to know of the only thing after this that what happens to two people,1 the jackal and 2 the crook(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “they feel it you know they feel it..then sketches it down don’t they gross and subtle(all laugh)..let the flowers roast them enough first they are in an illusion that they are in-their-words leading a RESPONSIBLE life(all laugh)..so they require some time but manage you Lillie sister flower though losing her lion now too in this meelee don’t know her paw to be how much true(all laugh)..just tackle her Daisy is a Dewgong atleast and Violet only needs to be told the word soulmate emotionally(both laugh)..but this Crabominable is in serious trouble so as to was trying to prove to me that she is old enough to be called a mom(all laugh)..I refused it wholeheartedly it so take care(all laugh)..they are the elder ones dears hence Cili..Cili..(laughs,rest laughs and smiles)..yeah never anything else you know just like my elder rest(smile,all smile)..his greeting is whenever you call me I feel so um..Cili..Cili..(all burst into laughter)..I’ll tell you the origins and all later ofcourse(all laugh)” Ela(laugh) : “no matter though Seth-boy we’re not going anywhere not meeting sis RIGHT NOW(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “yeah countering(all zapped into Seth’s room’s door,Seth knocks saying,trespassers into my young flower dream,all laugh)..” Mallow(smile,opening the door) : “hey..um..(smile)..hi all..” Aurora( ehadi,smile) : “welcome home sis(all smile)..” Mallow(smiles   Aurora) : “as are you all dears..always..(all smile)..” (all enter Seth’s room)
Benjamin(laugh) : “well finally allowed when both are in(all laugh) and ultimately that scene just moments ago with the door was only to recreate that scene(all laugh then smile)..”
Mallow(laughs) : “what has changed in your bro the most Giddy surely could’ve broken-in that day itself..”
All in Unison pressing Seth’s shoulders and making him hunch down,Seth laughs(laugh) : “same way as Blithie vs who may know who..
DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST FOCUS ON THE ZEAL/IF YOU CANNOT COGITATE ANYTHING ELSE REMEMBER EVEN ZEAL IS EXISTENT CAUSE YOU SO FEEL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/AND IF YOU EVER DON’T FEEL THE REVERSE OF ZEAL OR ANYTHING ELSE OR WITH THAT NEUTRAL SEAL/WITH THAT FEELING LOOKING AT DIFFERENT RAW INGREDIENTS AND REMEMBERING THE DIFFERENT TASTES WITH IT’S REASONS JUST UNDERSTAND THE LOGIC OF COOKING BEHIND ANY MEAL(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Seth cheers for OH PWETER HAIL THIS BOULDER NO JUST THAT FEEL,all un..)”
..(night at room after all left and both Seth and Mallow settled down,05:30)…
Seth(relief) : “Ah,finally I get to..”
Mallow(smirk) : “not so fast dear..”
Seth(frown) : “what?I cant fondle my flower all I want even at first morning?(Mallow burst into laughter)”
Mallow(smile) : “I want the few things you promised me..” Seth(frown, ehadi and picking her up) : “hum,attitude?(both burst into laughter,then puts Mallow down then both hug each other firmly)..whisper(both burst into laughter)..” Mallow(laugh) : “I may want to revive the Sensational Sisters rhymes saw(bursts into laughter)” Seth(grim) : “the marauding sinisters SO NAIVE(laughs,Mallow uncontrollblay laughs)..man it’s a saga if I have to confess my longing for my elder sisters especially chronologically to first DaisyDevil(both laugh)..no more required(both laugh..lot),then Ms Volbeat(both laugh..lot) but finally Lillie flower(both burst..)..and I sweared them like nothing but one of them is even called you know like Lillie flower(both laugh a lot) she hardly knows anything that is gross actually except flower bouquets which she learnt a few months before we were born(both un..)..anyway,so the gym itself isn’t enough for your academic prowess(both laugh)?” Mallow(laugh,cajoling Seth’s cheeks) : “no cause you’re Seth Ketchum,Co-Ordinated distinct Pokemon Master,Gallery of Fame all of his own to provide your brats there as has your bros with the locals of family Malco and Julio(laugh,Seth too laughs).why don’t you want me back to the shows then hum?” Seth(grim, ehadi) : “if only I’m allowed to manage you,then I may consider it” Mallow(smirk) : “that means..”
Seth(irritated) : “none gets to interview you except me(Mallow laughs)..(frown)..PRIVATELY(Mallow laughs and then smirks at Seth tendering his hairs),no autographs,no photos except for me by myself(Mallow smiles at Seth tendering his hairs),no publicity,no travel,inside the gym only,brief shows,only Sunday,high ticket price,limited seats..”
Mallow(laugh) : “men not allowed?”
Seth(frown) : “exactly and neither unmarried women who are way more dangerous specially if young(Mallow laughs uncontrollably),only those with children allowed that too only girl childs upto 8 years NOT A DAMN DAY MORE ONLY IN ELEMENTARY(Mallow bursts into laughter)..”
Mallow(laughing) : “and you expect the show to not go bankrupt beyond first day posters?” Seth(irritated) : “to become my private show(Mallow laughs)..only my sweet mermaid you are forever(Mallow laughs)..I don’t care,in the gym none can look at my flower except ME(Mallow bursts into laughter,Seth smiles and hugs Mallow firmly)..hum..my flower is ONLY mine and that’s it( ehadi very firmly,Mallow smiles at Seth)..just see how much I fondle you now that you have barely any physical strength left(laugh,Mallow smirks)..( er even more firmly,Mallow laughs)..I’ll adore my flower,fondle my flower,cherish my flower,nourish my flower,tender my flower all 24/7(frown) IN THE GYM..(Mallow bursts into laughter)..(frown)..why what’s wrong?(whining)I will adore my flower all the time that’s all..” Mallow(smirk,tendering Seth’s cheeks) : “sweetness turns bitter if tasted too much”(bursts into laughter,Seth frowns and hugs Mallow more firmly)..who said that sweetie(laughs)..?”
Seth(irritated) : “no,whoever said,my flower is perpetually sweet(Mallow laughs)..(frown,angry)..why don’t those h.. w..”
Mallow(frown) : “Seth! What is it with you dear,you never used to say these things no matter what.” Seth(disappointed) : “no you’re only MY flower..( ehadi very firmly,both giggle)..countering hum Mulu flower(both giggle in same pose)..Mulu,just don’t leave me for even a day dear now for a few weeks I want to be with my wife now and take rest with her that’s all and will get it..(frown)..AWAY FROM BUSHES THAT FEEL(Mallow bursts into laughter)..(scowl)..cause as you now open your eyes look i'm next to you(both un..,..Rock jackal Rock,both un..)..atleast Cili is a gentleman(both un..saying gentleman looking most conniving fox)..Oh Dialga don't be a gambler as dragon lives only to prove me of you(both un..long,..Dashin' Rock,#,..)”
Mallow(few moments later, oy very firmly,smile) : “sweetie,I’m ever with you..soully..hum..(smiles at Seth,Seth smiles at Mallow and they keep ach other for a few moments)..Seth,we’ll have more than ample time to enjoy together no matter what but dear,you don’t have to be so cruel on the fans,we had to abruptly closed it down and I just want to end it properly that’s all just a month then just relax and enjoy” Seth(grim,tendering Mallow’s cheeks) : “it’s not about them Mulu,I have to tell you so many things my nerves are too agitated I need to have you beside me everyday for the next two three months atleast then it’s alright I’ll be fine more than that but ( ehadi more firmly)..Mulu I know when I said that what was going though you(Mallow smiles and hugs Seth very firmly and smiles at him,Seth smiles at her) 16 days were enough to marry you and register that and then go only nothing would’ve happened Mulu,just my weakness rather illusion and else that ok now you’re officially my wife so why to bother..no Mulu I wouldn’t have bothered if I left you after that I would’ve got the news of our future next month at lab itself but that then would’ve distracted me enough from my bunch which I knew I couldn’t afford hence all this..you were talking about jealousy and then other things then said let me go then all those(Mallow smiles and tenders Seth’s hairs)..I saw your face Mulu and I was thinking about my own level which only started from that break and you are a hall of famer and all and Mulu if I’m honest you’ve been nowhere near me since my first 6 months at Pasio itself none has except Melody but that too only in that match would’ve lost every single match throughout after or before you know my bunch just gave up that day too frustrated certainly Whimsi did and Solgy being new I went with wouldn’t been different with anyone I believed and infact they might’ve turned on poor Alzy who is much dear to me as much Melody is as you know I ever take her as my sis just I hope she returns some day it was my mistake once more there to be too infatuated with our condition to not give enough thought on my sis or cousin who needed it and then the subsequent events you know..after me she would’ve been the next equal to Mr David Nofcun who you know I know my undercover colleague he is not an outworldly thing like Sabrina or Melody but he proves you don’t have to be to reach there(laughs,Mallow smiles)..he is currently the best cause I shouldn’t be considered and that match against Lance was similar to mine with Melody but he was on Melody’s side as you understand(both laugh) who himself told me your colleague would’ve beaten me 0-10 as well just if it was next region 2 weeks in I said you’re kidding right how many has beaten you said that I don’t know cause today I’ve been repeatedly asked the details of my many beaus(all laugh) I said yeah mentally that is(both laugh a lot)..and had a big laugh Lance is Lance you know hence allowed that match to take place but anyway as I was saying I ever felt I got to where I got to in gross terms at the cost of you sweetie I don’t know why and that parting you know we both mutually agreed without words that it was absolutely right for you but my better position than you or Daisy was and is all so cause I had a bunch that was just once in a millenia stuff and by sheer destiny I had to be a general trainer as well and you know as do I that me in general battles are just a beginner to your hall of fame dear except my bunch but that’s not how this virtual reality of the human world and plane is appearing to us hence you just said those while you were angry first sweetie you know my bunch and my relation best same as that of mine and yours Mulu it’s just that I don’t want that stuff to come in between us ever dear cause to me it’s never been about that I’ve accidentlly been here had Brock declined that day I would’ve straight returned back and consulted Zed and went to an university-Gary,Sabrina and you would’ve had my then bunch in parts except Chu and Bulby and you know that Mulu,but I certainly made sure all that I could that would’ve forced Brock to comply and he did being who he is and who he is to me as well but since then I never have nor will still stop for anyone at the cost of my bunch and journey cause my goal isn’t the cups and leagues it’s you know what it is I can’t afford that luxary at all and I’m so fortunate that May,Max,Dawn,Iris all just complied without one word especially Iris rest were beginning,she was a 4 time champ in 6th region extraordinary talent herself just for the love she has for her twin bro in a way in hindsight made her do what she did there at Unova same for Cilan as well who returned after 4 years gap same stuff just said I can’t forget you as you did(smiles,Mallow broadly smiles tendering Seth) and no Mulu it’s ok profession and all but sweetie you were in such plight and then I just showed that you were nothing to me in profession like that but you know what is what honey I can’t remain myself against you cause of that word you’re just the more dearest refined form of me my sweet Mallow(dissapointed,hugs Mallow very firmly,Mallow smiles and keeps tendering him),just don’t talk about my positions professionally hum dear..” Mallow(smile,same pose) : “more than fine sweetie it’s ok,hum you’re soully me as you said your Mallow(both smile at each other ach other very firmly,few moments later)..no Seth,I know that since day one what I’m to you both have just got the full view of it today and the right words that’s all always one as a couple ever in every sector of life(both hug each other very firmly and smile at each other,few moments later)” Seth(smile,same pose) : “my sweet Mulu flower(both smile at each other in same pose)..anyway,yeah I personally then when you were with me couldn’t stand against you since Pasios in Kanto somehow managed for Tenty and you know why it saved you like Ferali by every means(both laugh) that brat would’ve sabotaged your whole bunch had he been with you seeing my brats each day(both laugh) but since Hoenn I could stand against you cause of my brats again who all could by then as you know they eever picked up our relation as has your bunch and hence refused to go full throttle like your Jelli ever did and Goldy wasn’t sure ever why he was called out(both laugh) but after Johto they got what they wanted from me hence would done what Ferali did(both laugh) and during the leagues in groups only if you were my sweetie and with me like you were at Johto with 65-35 chance of winning if only the Kanto brats were chosen even the Pasio brats were spoiled by then(both laugh) later at Hoenn I could and till the day I faced Lance I could and no you know what I mean by this Mulu I would’ve stood there totally detached from my bunch they would’ve and they you know don’t battle at all just communicate but from now to this term atleast the remaining days I’d rather jump in the field than to face you and then in Johto you were better than me only because of my flower I went ahead upto semis and now I don’t care about levels cause from here it makes no sense and thus I was seeing you and..(very dissapointed, ehadi very firmly,Mallow hugs Seth very firmly smiling at him) you know what I said Mulu during the time we had our session today and you know my bunch just they are like this and I’m and Mulu is me this much is reality with the other two and Mulu is my sweet wife in this form I don’t want to know a word more about her unless you want I will not talk about professional things with you just my bunch cause they are funny and a few things what they are doing but as usual Mulu I don’t want that to come in between us cause my sweet flower isn’t built like me here this term Gyarados,Goldy may be Jellicent too will become jovial being with me but according to your nature but not the whole and you can’t act like me cause of that inherent difference and exactly why you and me are separately appearing to each other you want your Seth most and I want Mulu as much as well but just the form is different I can’t have the longing you have for me in that form just like you can’t have that bond with your bunch..we’re thus only make it full if together Mulu and that’s that as we realized together hand in hand soul in soul(smiles at Mallow still dissapointed,Mallow broadly smiles at Seth both same pose),I don’t demand much dear but just for the next two weeks in Pinkenberry..” Mallow(smile,tendering Seth’s cheeks) : “Seth,the past is past,please you said it yourself,don’t torture yourself like this,I aslo get tortured then won’t I(both smile at each other)...please sweetie I know how much you’ve suffered but now we’re married and all is and will be all alright..hum..(both smiles at each other and firmly hugs each other for a few moments)..and no I won’t overwork and I don’t want you to be away from me for a moment now as well,but it’s just that you know,I like to be engaged and energetic always.that’s all” Seth(smile, ehadi very firmly) : “yes Mulu,but you know all my things with my level and bunch I was telling Professor an hour ago may be or a bit more it’s just so much of variation ofstates and you know what I did with you today and all and I’ve got you back after so many years need to calm down to get habituated to the new surroundings and to just want to be with you now which I’ve never been able to for so so many years infact since Johto, it’s just been 15 years that I’ve passed more than 28 days together with you,and I just want to be with you all the time like your own shadow..(Mallow smiles and tenders Seth’s cheeks)..” Mallow(smiling) : “you’re doing exactly that Seth,don’t worry,but..” Seth(grim) : “what is it Mulu? I know none of us ever were ok staying apart I was with my bunch still at that plane I don’t really require you unless I want to come back this I’ve realized and you the exact opposite you don’t need your bunch like I do at this plane even thus there too it’s all me for you but my ideas aren’t same hence you were hurt much more than me as ever and dear I know your plight I know from the very sources what you had to go through Mulu I understand emotions none of them knows it better atleast cause they haven’t been undercover simple as that so it’s ok and all but what they were upto that is just..” Mallow( oy,smiling) : “no, nothing about that,Seth that we’re done with,never bring that up again,promise me?” Seth( ehadi,smiling) : “yeah Mulu done.” Mallow(smiling) : “right.but you know you’ve taken a huge toll yourself and mom confirmed that,I just want to polish every little strain off from my sweet diamond..(broad smile)” Seth(smile) : “say what you were saying” Mallow(smile and laugh) : “I just wanted to know how many feathers you’ve ruffled to get to me and that has left you so torn apart inside..No,take your months,but just that among our close friends,families and your travel companions that is your sis and my little bro and Cilan and Iris,this much would do for me.” Seth(bit disappointed) : “no just told them I’ll remain strict professional no personal terms that’s all Cili was afraid after Unova fled Unova Elite4 itself 3 years later was back some professional reasons wanted himself to speak with me since then been friends again and comic relief(laugh,Mallow as well laughs) his greeting is ‘whenever you call me I feel so overjoyed it feels like um..Cili..Cili..(both burst into laughter)..’ he gets angry says be professional the answer is ‘I see professional,sweet sweet Cili have you ever seen a primary school failed Meloetta(both burst into laughter)’ and that does the trick each time then he shuts up about my personal life where his ever opinion is I’m childish needs to be looked after he’s like Harris and Kane now you know very nice friend,but no you know Tony boy and Jaheemy manual are too infatuated with me(laugh,Mallow smiles tendering Seth’s hairs),Oliv is ok just stays mumb on these but similar to them just that this age of her brings more self that’s self establishment than the two goons due to the gender in reverse(both laugh) and yeah,Iris fled after that had to(laugh) now married though having the best times of her life and(laugh) well today is her Pasio semis for the 6th title won already consider it brats are too spoiled since having woken up with my TYRAniTAR(laugh,Mallow broadly smiles)..yeah after Unova took a breather then went to Hoenn and won and actually there found her soulmate finally Doctor Ferdinand Rarcia general poke-doctor(laugh,Mallow smiles tendering Seth’s hairs)..just my sweet twin sister(smiles at Mallow,Mallow beams and hugs Seth firmly,Seth keeps tendering her smiling)..right,after Unova fiasco parted as did Cili my eternal brother and sister had to return so did,met Iris during Pasio Elite4 as like Cili herself called Cili told me wishes to call I said fine that press made her too thoughtful the cherry on the cake I just told her how can your twin bro clear vomit unless he has respite from his brats cause they were vomitting more hence only did it in abstraction exactly why there was no attempt from my part but the reality is ever so time is just an illusion to get the bond to be the most ENJOYING,you see too much bonhomie(laugh,Mallow broadly smiles at him  im firmly)..so the brat broke her phone(laugh)..Cili similar way as well but I’m never eloquent to my brothers cause they don’t deserve emotions as they are AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!(laugh,Mallow smiles looking at Seth, im firmly)..and I don’t know but you may know about Cili a living dictionary to the whole world on all Unova breeds and he’s a dragon specialist too well known to be just renouned across the world on everything Unova and his wife Jane as well general breeder but in Unova everything general is dragon(both laugh) and is extremely well know and great by all means and all cause she takes my side since day one much to Cili’s dismay(both laugh) I would’ve been nothing without him in life as a whole to be honest I’ll tell you later the Unova part then all rest during our honeymoon cause it’ll take ages and then Tony and Jaheem was that Cerulean is whole world and I wasnt in it been strict professionals only no personal matter from me not from them cause Oliv has ever been very sympathetic to me then Harris and Kane never spoke once about our strained relation then only just told me to remain calm and that same afterwards still though I told them to be professional and they got the idea never mingled much,Brenda,Irene and also Flavia anyway isn’t in that sphere of relationship with me so was alright though Irene’s plight I realize now will see tomorrow but Oliv rather was ever alright with it and helped Tony to remain calm and Jaheem too and Flavia took care of him the rest you know them just too infatuated with me as I ever say too sweet little brothers or cousins the roleplay is according to the urge of tickling as says my Gengleye(laugh,Mallow smiles and tenders Seth’s hairs) but I have contacts with all four and their soulmates as do with Penny,Ritch,Donald,Paul,Martin,Luke,Ryan,Samuel and all with their soulmates too on certain issues they all same except Penny he is miffed with your activities as you know yourself I guess just too straight a man as ever my dear sweet bro(laugh,Mallow smiles and keeps tendering Seth’s hairs) Yumi has been rather sympathetic to you as you’ve seen and was dissapointed with me again not because of this realized I was burning inside so much somewhere didn’t want to recognize or acknowledge so just told me a few times reconsider I said yeah as if would a Gengar(both laugh) and about your plights Irene and Oliv told me in hints as did my gang at Frucifern after that fiasco there but I just said look she has to solve it I can’t help now so they realized it after once or twice so was ok and Mulu I’m sure you’ve been foisted upon my infoes despite all things whole world wants me and my sweet flower was here and I went to appease them by giving times..(hugs Mallow very firmly,Mallow smiles and tenders Seth’s hairs and cheek) but I was is and ever am lost being Seth in Mulu that is(smiles at Mallow and Mallow as well smiles at Seth  im very firmly, moments later) anyway thus all have stayed like that and rest travel companions same Senor never would return unless the reality dawns upon cause then by default will cause she got the anatomy of stool and urine eternalized for her as a b..mate to anyone by vitue of being the definition of the word and family was told as well in exact terms then only returned via Danny Pasio gym leader during Elite4 they were relations his(laugh)..” Mallow(frown) : “Seth that was too harsh for a moment of..(Seth stops her from talking,then hugs her very frimly looking at her) Seth(smile) : “my sweetie was in same situation after Johto after 7 years and 2 damn months and I was your husband then in my mind as well Mulu you knew that then too well itself as did I and I was only waiting for you to say for a change(both laugh ach other) then Brock was there even though cause I kept him as I feared my flower is too stricken(both laugh) and Brock is Brock if present would’ve written novels on that for next 100 years(both laugh) and Mulu didn’t do one thing and Mulu I understand emotions but that was public humiliation after 2 years of constant observation and she knew I was ever her big bro nothing else and how my personal life was despite whatever was said and then I get that treatment ok I understood the infatuation since day one cause I was 32 and undercover released I knew too many things but I didn’t care cause her parents were known to professor and I just invited her cause barring that infatuation is very intelligent and skillful girl just our profession isn’t for her so tagged along then knew that the infatuation was there I didn’t bother they were rather a good shield for me in Kalos given who I was to the world but she only got the big bro from me but yeah it’s ok could’ve spoke with me the day before the parting fine it was ok but no it had to come down to that then she got the treatment later in phone then family comes up I was too harsh not that they were not sorry but still I directly told my mom as well as Professor was present they were used them as communication channel I said if so much longing despite knowing what their daughter did and I have no contacts at all still so much longing then to accuse me with my name and all get an immediate biological proof and get the meaning of this out yourselves mom was there I don’t care she and me know each other inside out I don’t care about any b.. cause I’ve been with 50 such b.. who were after me undercover each day for 3+ months emotional torture cause my bunch was invincible but as none knows who’s who there they come up with all and then not once could do anything but you know Mulu I’m no enlightened being so it broke me apart in that situation really and then after that I go out and all these and that stunt was performed on me quite a few times during undercover each were shown that anatomy flew off but that was only blood and sweat the most polite once Mulu but if I stay suspicicous and thus keep my psychics around of all all times both they and me will go totally mad and hence I put my guard down after that but Mulu even if I face that now being compelled to no nothing beyond the stunts and their replies but you know that same garbage still will charm me for varying lengths atleast no matter the numeric degree of them Mulu cause that idea of difference else even you I still want you in this gender don’t I Mulu no matter what..” Mallow(few minutes later,smiling at Seth,tenders Seth cheeks and hairs) : “sweetie,you lied to me then didn’t you that only 2 stunts(giggles at Seth,Seth smiles both same pose),Seth I know your gender and mine and I know the level you’re talking about is far away may be many lives apart and certainly in this for sure that is far away very very much so from both of us but as you said we’ll only go there together too won’t we Seth if reality truly shines it won’t matter(both smile at each other) and Seth still as much as we both know I know me and that’s all Seth is just me(both smiles at each other same pose,some minutes later)..just be happy now...” Seth(smiles at Mallow,both same pose,few minutes later) : “no more Mulu till right time just want the 3 reals of being really Seth again and again inside me and you know me as much as my view has been clarified along with you Mulu you know as do I,you’re just me and I’m just Mulu(both smiles at each other same pose then keeps ach other very firmly for a few more minutes)..but finally,Max well you know it was very hard for me I did introduce him to Cili and Brock he has had contacts with as ever and Cili the same no matter their and his relationship with me and then you know how straight and simple the kid is I after Undercover was at a state that I don’t want to remember Mulu really one side was Crawdauntogator and another side were the human emotions and I wasn’t well I just didn’t pay any attention to him for ¾ times a few may be at Kalos as well and he got clue you know him extremely intelligent himself no words for more than 2 years now or so and Kalos you know he understood the ego and money had very little cntacts but then went off two years back last time I called him was on his 26th birthday 2 years back and Cili always have had contacts with him still does so does Brock I’m sure and he has kept professional with Cili and it has all been so despite the 5 years Max is Max you know utmost professional and supremely intelligent person and perfect by all means yet exactly the same in core as he was just that sweet little kid when I first saw him as a 13 year old little boy hellbent to follow his big sis all the time..I feel bad for that really he’s 9+ years younger to me and my bro as much as is May my sis forever eternally to me as much as you’re my wife but about Max well just that year gap is too huge and our fields are different now and all and no I might’ve said something about this to him or implicated so he was hurt much afterall started at Kanto with me at Frontier and that one year really was why he ever knew his call lies in a different field just either research or breeding chose breeding never good indoors(laugh) so may be I can get an excuse there still ok I said bad words to my little bro in a way to scoff him off but May..um,well that’s for another day..” Mallow(dissapointed and frown) : “you didn’t even spare your little sis?” Seth(dissapointed) : “um..no but not as much as you’re thinking,I just sweared her off on her anniversary(laughs,sighs,dissapointed,Mallow sighs) as it was the very next day after that Kalos fiasco I was already in Marengo you know dragon travels and that eversweet ‘hi!bro!’ that day sounded just too pungent you know forgot that for once in 14 years that she is not my own flesh and blood my sweet little sis ever..then forgot that and recalled how I found my sis rather and thus that sound just made me mad..would’ve done the same to my own flesh and blood which is what our relation actually is and why I did what I did in my subconscious and I just wish she understands my position or atleast spare a thought for me that I just wasn’t well at all cause that moment after 2 years and Kalos personally is most memorable for me cause I’ve learnt so many things as I told you but that moment has left a very deep scar..I only wish I can get to meet Max as well as May mostly or talk to her once more that’s all..neither she nor Drew nor any ever one word about my personal life Drew ever said keep an eye on ego win against that counter(laugh,Mallow smiles at Seth while tendering his hairs),I was invited despite all to Pettlesburg,aunty was very formal just the curtsey I just faintly smiled and uncle as well very professional just both wanted to know about mom’s health and all I said yeah fine and just brief visit uncle just said no matter people knows too well about May and your long travel companionship and it’s just a matter of formality for him as well to invite me cause all knows our bond and it will be uncomfortable for both sides if this visit wasn’t there I said yeah I guess but thanks for the invitation was there for 45 minutes max I guess mostly at the reservation knew a few brats Marshadow and Regigigas for sure(laugh,Mallow smiles) you know I never cared about any officiality so travelled as just a random bloke and I have had my ways cause of Tyranitar since the inception at Unova(laugh,Mallow tenders Seth’s hairs smiling) but May I feel bad I scoffed at her and the language was bad but then I said in that same language you two may break up today as you’re counting the number of years now as if random samples waiting to go off saying sorry a mistake..that was cause you know Drew and May is exactly Seth and Mallow same relation soulmate and you know how much I pestered Drew with vomits(laugh,Mallow smiles at Seth tendering his hairs) and I know him and the viseversa as siblings as well and Drew is my idol in honesty to own self and then to your girlfriend 3 draws not once about own career and I thought if you were my travel companion and girlfriend you still just a pushover(laughs,Mallow smiles at Seth and tenders his hairs)..I’ve been hurting inside since that day beyond measures Mulu,Max’s case was ok a scoffing and then you squeeze his cheeks will be giggling like a little baby that he is to me as ever but May’s case was personal it was bad it’s like if Brock suddenly tells you these or Trace..but I didn’t care Mulu and you know why my mind wasn’t there at all those who came by themselves like Cili and Iris were ok but the most dear relations who knew me longer Trace,Brock and May and Drew too in a way just was confining to me exactly why I did what I did with Trace atleast Brock still ok I could’ve patched up,Trace was one of my biggest mistakes as much as it was for May and no I despite all couldn’t say those to Drew you know he is as much my bro as May is my sis as well my bro-in-law officially I was his go to guy in all sections of life himself such great but just needed that closure as ever..anyway,that was that now all brats will return(laugh,Mallow simels and keeps tendering Seth’s hairs)..by the way with my reach and power I grilled people at gym behind your back and know these she did keep contacts until your doses started didn’t she..” Mallow(concerned) : “yes she did and Max too until he picked up the clue of my indifference as well but Seth,you have to get rid of these habits if you already haven’t – you can force people psychologically at mere will and this isn’t Chansbert this is just forcing pokemon channels on anyone to get them uncomfortable hence more dangerous and you then self mortify yourself to throw your honesty to them and thus can know their secrets and this is your method as ever of showing them the glaze of non-psychophysicality that the in-your-words ever blazes out any darkness and you also can create multiple instances..(Seth smiles at Mallow and puts his palm on her mouth,Mallow bit surpprized)..” Seth(smile, ehadi firmly) : “no more! My flower always only beams(Mallow smiles at Seth  im firmly) sweetie..(both smile at each other,same pose)..you’re so sweet Mulu I want to dissolve in you that’s all as me(both smiles at each other and hugs each other very firmly,few moments later)..me and my bunch live in a psychic channel the things you’re saying are like a 1 day old baby to a 100 year old damn brat(both laugh) the similar figures are projected by your psychic type as accrodingly he can do of him that only engages him more so that trick is useless and that why my sweetie should play on my lap without any worries(both smile at each other,Mallow tenders Seth’s hairs) I myself can do many things but that’s useless cause hypnotism is confining not unbinding hence is useless if someone is mentally strong but what you said about pokemon channels are not cause they are concrete you’re just trying to communicate that’s all there’s no dishonesty..but anyway all in good times Mulu not today I used them on separately over the 4 in lab knew all that I said Lillie herself told me about that incident with Gary I need my bunch to make them throw upon me just what they’re holding onto then I question out or I jump them and test no the gym you understand was due to my headhsip of Sinnoh Elite4(laughs,Mallow same pose smiles at Seth) all my buddies are just so attuned to me we’re relatively the same in certain regards as you know what I’m talking about and that’s why I was so murderous over all personal relations barring my mom cause I never got that feel of joy anywhere here till I you gave me a chance(Mallow smiles and hugs Seth very firmly)..you’ve ever been and will be my gateway to live here dear else there’s little point wasting my time here(both smile at each other for a few moments ach other very firmly)..the damn details of psychic subconscious bodies and all I know only intuitionally thus can’t tell you like that nor do I want to gibberish not with my sweet flower the two buffoons here knows the same amount as me in words so they will word the process by which they were contacted and then their wives in sub subtle whatever state while the rest were dozed off by innumerable brats(both laugh) anyway,just ask them for details today itself told them what I did they by now has learnt quadruple times more about it than me cause they are the ones who keep my brats happy at their cost(both laugh) and about those illusions I just never bothered but I surely can and I’m completely immune to those..if one has one scant thought of battling I’m invincible and my bunch is the reason and I’ll hold sway over his or her bunch cause I want pure friendship with all as human or pokemon that’s the soul(both smiles at each other)..Goldy was saying like lets play long time hasn’t been able to and all..just a psychological strain for many months due to what you had to go through for me..No Mulu,it’s alright..wants to play around as you know and got me and that’s all..somehow managed to send him back cause wouldn’t go and I didn’t even release any of mine cause given who they are now it’ll be impossible to stop their fooling around before ages as I had innumerable ghosts with me(both smile)..just looked at him and was just laughing to myself that these fellows so happy cause they would never understand human emotions(both smile at each other)..anyway Mulu,please I tell you and you know as well you’re nature won’t allow you to do the things you were upto forcefully cause force means you don’twant it and no force or no force I couldn’t forget you ever in subconscious and I told you why and that’s it and please Mulu,I’m telling you never try exactly that..that’s the exact path to hell if there’s ever one..I’ll not be able to get my sweet flower back from there if she pushes too hard and can’t be sane..but I won’t go to see whose in bed with whom or who does what I’ve seen so much during undercover and since childhood I just don’t care about garbages that’s all..I just don’t care about those namecalled(Mallow smiles) powers at all cause power means you’re dishonest with yourself and sacrificing you your family and dear ones but most criminally being that don’t understand you and just loves you now you’re cheating upon them cause you can’t get in bed with someone or murder someone deceive someone and so on and those powers need feeding so that you can maintin them and this exact process is path to hell as it swells up ego and totally makes you lunatic then eats away your body and bust..I’m totally immune to any power of or on me as I carry myself like that and all..I just want to be souled with my bunch and they do what they do it’s funs and games as I’ve told you my nature is to be another to know another as me my soulmate is most dear that is all else a bit less and that’s all you’re you and not you the not you part is your physical appearance of your Seth and thus you so much want it cause only then you’re full and me and not me has to go hand in hand thus your temperament in chilhood and still will be with me(both laughs) you’re view is who is me who isn’t thus once you got an warm hand by heart you demand was that it’ll ever be so and thus Trace and Brock is ever your big bros and thus you behaved thus with them all of you are so happy(both smiles)..and I’ve got nothing to do here anymore and never had either except for my illusion to get trophies that all I want is that my mom stays with me as long as possible and I want my wife with me all time as long as possible and my bunch as well who as I said are same as my mom and my wife and that’s it(Mallow tenders Seth’s hairs)..these are my two demands really the future is totally your choise and wish I’ve got nothing to do there cause my role is support forever your role is nourish forever(both smile at each other) and that’s all really,no other personal demands..but my sweet flower should never get intentionally mingled with f.. psychic powers(frown) cause a h.. b.. like me..” Mallow(frown,sigh) : “Seth,enough with hovering over the past just shut up,I’m your wife” Seth(whinning, ehadi firmly) : “no my sweet flower should only play around with me and pokemons and gym battle if only she wants and not due to the challengers(Mallow laughs)..nobody can challenge my sweetie (frown) FOR A BADGE..(Mallow bursts into laughter)..those..anyway,please Mulu,never push yourself too much..but during battles my sweet flower frowns and scowls which make her even more so so sweet sweet Mulu flower(smile,Mallow laughs) if you’re in opposition I will think of two words only(both laugh) but I know those dumb buffoons will pester her for badges(Mallow laughs)..Mulu,you just be youself which is eternally sweetest Mulu flower(tendering Mallow’s cheeks)..rest will be known as you know just you be you and me ok,promise?” Mallow(smile,tendering his cheeks and hair) : “right,I got you and it’s a promise.but anything else you want to say about your adventures with some beau-gadgets,especially the illegal bit(both burst into laughter)?” Seth(laugh) : “how I transmitted the chorus to everyone in such a big gym with varied pokemons? No that I um.. went impersonally to Professor Kukui’s Lab(both laugh) and was like?(immitating mechanical voice) ’I want to reconcile with my fiancee by abjectly beating her in a gym battle illegally(both laugh) cause my Snorlax says if you’re legal you’re only being not the opposite and viseversa thus this sanity is attacking you rather ain’t it no,no I don’t attack to do something(both burst into laughter) so that she gets even more angry with me and I get attached to her skin(both laughs) or inside her room at midnight (both bursts into laughter) to make sure that all her grievances are only because I didn’t fondle her also while choosing her pokeballs myself(both laughs)’..( ehadi)Mulu,I need you to be myself(smile)” Mallow(  and cajoling Seth) : “Seth, you’ve got me all the time and you know it.enough answers dear we should now give it a rest” Seth(smile) : “yeah,but now you’ve got me going,I tell you the main things” Mallow(smile) : “take your time Seth.” Seth(dissapointed) : “why,can’t I just keep gazing at you whole night?(Mallow laughs)..I’ve never had the opportunity since I broke into your room(both laugh)..” Mallow(smirk) : “gazing,hum?long lost habit,but carry on,I want the same,though I had ample time to do that”
Seth(laugh) : “that’s at best exclusive recordings of events where brats said prolong the joy,battle slowly run(Mallow bursts into laughter)..man if you knew the challenger lulling techniques since undercover itself(both laugh)..but Mulu I knew you’re just me that day too and wanted to abduct you really you were so sweet(both laugh)..”
Mallow(smile,cajoling Seth’s cheeks) : “right.but Seth,you truly are a living legend once(Seth stops her talking,then firmly hugs her,Mallow smiles at Seth and tenders his cheeks and hairs)..”
Seth(smile) : “Seth is only me..( ehadi very firmly,Mallow same pose smiles and tender Seth’s hairs)..I don’t want to hear any bit of it from you sweetie unless you know is casual discussions and all not privately(both giggle at each other same pose)..please dear please not this just not even in casual discussions try not to say that word legend Mulu cause you know your level and mine and anyone can get my level and then there’s no meaning in that word as I told you friendship doesn’t compare the concerned subjects and Mulu you may come up to my level and so on but except everyone you will cause Mulu is just me my sweet Mulu flower(hugs Mallow very firmly,Mallow smiles and tenders Seth’s hairs,few moments later)..so you may or may not doesn’t matter you will know my bunch atleast inside out may be Goldy will get defected to be my pokemon(both laugh) saving you(both laugh) and that brat Jellicent too beware of ghostly bonhomies you know my current public image says I’m a Gengar(both laugh) that you can say in public cause Gengar doesn’t know anything cause none of these words they know at all(all laugh) yet they stay with only one their whole lives and their carefree nature hum(both giggle at each other then hugs each other very firmly smiling) but rest may not cause like you still are a bit different to me in your present existence in this form hence both our troubles that beyond spouses and bodies we can’t so easily unify with each other which we want all time(both smile at each other same pose,few moments later)..so my sweet Mulu flower should only beam and play around with me and her bunch(both hug each other very firmly smiling)..I feel hurt when I see the so sweet face of my sweet Mulu flower like that when she says those things the words cause my sweetie just can’t express that she’s a sweetly ponytailed sweet Gyarados(both giggle at each other same pose) don’t say those when you and me it’s jut HUMAN,remember Trace and Scyther battling(both laugh)..man hardly came away from being sent to jail(both laugh)..NO!IT’S INHUMAN(both laugh)..some jackal that is(both laugh)..me and Mulu pokemon skill whatever nothing matters cause all in my my soul culminates in my soul me my sweet Mulu flower(both smile at each other and hug each other very firmly,few moments later),and just say how you’ve fondled Gyarados each day for 5 years so that I can contemplate on my eternally sweet Mulu flower(both laugh)..and it’s about them Mulu you know those questions(both laugh)..just letting them be me that’s all and no that’s only all cause they are Chu,Butterfree,Pidgeot,Bulbasaur,Squirtle,Kingler(both laugh),Charizard(both laugh),Abmasnow(both laugh),Infernape,Golisopod(both laugh),Magnezone(both laugh),Galvantula(both laugh),Volcarona(both laugh)..AH!Giratina!Giratina!(both alugh),Toxicroak(both laugh),Vileplume(both laugh),Mewostic,Whimsicott(both laugh),Tauros(both laugh),Talonflame(both laugh),Emboar(both laugh),Professor MUK(both laugh),TENTACRUEL(both laugh) this day a date(both laugh),Metagross,Buzzwole(both laugh),Pangoro(both laugh),Togedemaru,Heliolisk,Primape(both laugh),Noctowl,SNORLAX(both laugh) that brat is something true in-born brat(both laugh),Floatzel(both laugh),Sharpedo,MARSHADOW(both laugh) what an introduction it was Mulu to ghostly life and Tracey life(botth laugh) still after him will be in each life(both laugh),Celebi(both laugh),Suicune(both laugh),VOLCANION(both laugh),Sigilyph,Pelipper,Hawlucha(both laugh),Dhelmise(both laugh) I can never forget your expression half joy half just Mulu flower(both laugh),Chimecho(both laugh) yeah met James’ brat as well you know(both laugh) says na man your brat was more cunning mine is just a kid like your flower’s Goldy(both laugh) your brat is heinous(both laugh) and yeah utmost brat still as ever(all laugh),Wigglytuff(both laugh) good riddance man Jigglypuff was something all time(both laugh) now a worse damn brat as well ofcourse(all laugh) but Pasio is finally all about Lapras(both smile at each other and then hug each other firmly smiling,few moments later),Heracross(both laugh),Bayleaf(both laugh),Feraligator(both laugh)anything else(both laugh) I always told you brat and your Choiced travel companions to not be serious(both burst into laughter),don’t insult my girlfriend(all laugh),whose girlfriendmon bring that brat immediately(All laugh) then infact he sweared be with extreme vulgarity you know(both laugh)..yeah that was like it if were translated the original words meant those exactly not for nothing you told us to give up our powers so that you can count beaus there too using us hence we will do the same cause it just opposes you(both laugh a lot)..so I had to provide them with beaus to save us cause what they meant was that I was out to search other brats and neglect them cause to them my commitment was over hence now they will destroy each human in psychic channels to take them down to their level so that they make them as me(both laugh)..you know my relation with them Mulu I don’t know what they understood when I told Chu day one you’re angry because you’re not yourself despite claiming that to be anger(both laugh)..then Ferali said these and man since then it has been immoratlized that word you know someone had left that loose at translators though they removed the word boyfriend(both laugh) infact I wanted the word to be fiancee(both laugh a lot) an upgrade over beau but Trace said that’s too much man(all laugh) so I said then go on with the universal(both laugh) then they did that but then the trouble was we were doing Mr and Mrs and Ms(both laugh) so was too hard but that word was left in the ones I used ever the most basic or screwed up prototype(both laugh) so that brat who left it loose never named himself or herself again(both laugh) but we made sure only my own tester have that(all laugh) today itself I told Sablie this is my girlfriend,substandard(both laugh) doesn’t know the difference between conjugate and prepositional tickling,creature(both burst into laughter) this pest is something,Banette(both laugh),Beeheeyem(both laugh),TYRAniTAR(both laugh),Madgaleo(both laugh) just my Solgy(both laugh),Donphan,Wormadam(both laugh),Seismitoad(both laugh),Unown(both laugh),Claydol(both laugh),Typhlosion(both laugh),LANDORUS(both laugh) what a day(both laugh),Medicham(both laugh) Doctor Slate has no peace in life anyway(both laugh),LUXRAY(both laugh)..still not happy is he or Chu(both laugh),Mewtwo(both laugh),Articuno,Lucario(both laugh),Drifblim(both laugh)..Doctor Slate surely is cursed(both laugh) and then finally Scrafty(both laugh) in a family sorrow and joy comes in cycles like a dual type always sad and happy I’m dual am I not your family(both burst into laughter) family schism specialist(both laugh)..utter brat..and so on(both laugh)..and you will know how difficult it is to maintain them and so on I’m not without my family and I’m not except my sweet Mulu flower(hugs Mallow very firmly,Mallow smiles at Seth tendering his hairs)..and no legend my public image is like Gengar(both burst into laughter) you’re the legend so all battle I’ll do is to keep gazing at Mulu’s legendary cute frown(Mallow laughs) from behind the curtains(both laugh),(frown)behind where the brats would stand of course(Mallow bursts into laughter)..(laugh)..yeah,and definitely at identification centre-> ‘hey namecall(both laughs),what’s your namecalled name(both laughs)? Have you forgotten the way to Yellowburst(both laughs)?’ well that’s Lillie there exactly that language(both laugh)..Violet was never seen though(both laugh)..but sweetie,if you want you can sleep all the time cause you look like an absolutely sweet doll then(both laugh and giggle)..as you said Mulu..’just you’..(both smile)” Mallow(smile, oy,patting his cheeks) : “right my bee I’ll also fondle you all the time(Seth giggles)..but what about team rocket and all their stuffs..(both laugh)?” Seth( ehadi,laugh) : “forever and ever I’ll be yours even if I just kill you now” Mallow( oy,laugh) : “I know this from my very own soul that you’re being me just right now” Seth(same pose,laugh) : “I’ll send you to heaven staying at hell and hell will be heaven for me now” Mallow(same pose,laugh) : “from my heaven I’ll drop you to hell to feel the pain of hell from now” Seth(same pose,laugh) : “I’ll never be able to make you happy cause we’re born in different bodies now” Mallow(same pose,laugh) : “I’ll ever be a pain unto you cause my body is different from what you’ve right now” Seth(same pose,laugh) : “I’m free from each perceptions except for you as I’m you now..” Mallow(same pose,laugh) : “bondage or freedom always with you as you’re just me this right now” Seth(same pose,laugh) : “the essence of duality gives me just you thus you’re me only my soul always hence also right now” Mallow(same pose,laugh) : “the essence of reality has been projected as you on me my soul the reality says thus I’m also you ever and hence also right now” Seth(same pose,now smile  ehadi very firmly,mild voice) : “born to reflect me am I born as a being that you’re right now(both laugh)” Mallow(same pose,smile,tendering Seth’s hairs) : “born as separate,only to forget,I’m not being what you’re right now(both smile and hug each other)” Seth(smile, ehadi) : “my Mallow” Mallow(smile,whisper, oy) : “Ketchum.” Seth(smile,few moments later) : “James was my cofident got me in cause only I he could trust(both laugh) and yeah that inhuman curse too(both laugh) well he and Jesse both of them you know great family just that madness at that age and their bunch too fondled(both laugh) were my true big bro and sis there inside and now married had to(both laugh) under watch will be for 2 more years in Unova too many pseudos and dragons(both laugh) settled down family will come after they are accepted I have impersonal contacts with them(both laugh) and with the boss as well you know ever fond of me and my bunch(both laugh) and I have some contacts with him impersonally as well cause I worked under him(both laugh) and that tone thus compeers(both laugh) and yes I agree boss(both laugh) ever like that wanted other people’s opinions but that cruelty was all my brats removed that ever happy guy and could be hall of famer in gym,contests,research,training,breeding,out of profession management,finances what not(both laugh) could run all Elite4 alone looking over all matters and if out a state and exatcly what Team Rocket was..there are more like Jesse and James who are now living like they are all have some contacts with me and all just friends now but yeah Gengleye refuses that too they know it just waiting for the survellience to lift(laughs,Mallow broadly smiles)..but you know as I told Brock before the final the main warriors against sanity said Let’s Tickle to be Countering(both laugh)..just that Mulu what else(both smile broadly at each other)..” Mallow(smile) : “yeah,as it’s said, enemies know you way better than friends as for your connection in gross Seth so as to speak and yeah I had to bear Gengleye today itself(both laugh) just amusing what they say and what they want to say and what method they show us to follow to achieve what they say(both laugh)..” Seth(smile) : “yeah very true Mulu whole bunch with the translators as I was saying earlier today on our date I just want that,anyway,all rest at right time only(both smiles and hugs each other for a few more moments)” Mallow(bit concerned) : “ya,I know about all but my sisters” Seth(solemn) : “well both have been okay,Lillie a bit too shocked naturally,but others fine,even Daisy was much better the second time” Mallow(bit dissapointed) : “Lil,I really feel bad for her,we’re going there tomorrow morning the first thing again as I’ve told her,then we go to Lab,then you go to Brock come back and we start to phone may be 100 people one by one.. that’s your schedule tomorrow and contact me tomorrow night for the next(smirk)” Seth(scowl) : “what?no time with my sweet Mulu flower on the very first day?” Mallow(smirk) : “sorry?” Seth( ehadi,smile) : “I’ll run away with you to an unknown island first thing in the morning if you contune this attitude..(both laugh)..” Mallow(smirk) : “all privacy in good times dear,remember your promises and the premises,who’s orders who will obey at any cost(smirk)?” Seth(smile) : “ ‘gotcha,but no we’ll have to go to Lillie and Gary first indeed” Mallow(thoughtfull) : “surely,you know she and I,as much we fought in the childhood,the much warmth we share now,beside I was and still is in a way her role model and that’s why she changed,you know she was the most desperate among us..” Seth(dissapointed) : “ya,and that’s precisely was my target and naturally only she hasn’t quite yet come back to her own,and Gary I know whom she dated throughout her life as Daisy as well as I told you my processes and Trace we both know just a sly fox(both laugh) and Gary too I know not once anyone except Lillie since 17 and 17-19 was same reason why Lillie was like that all illusion personal loss and thus an cover and illusion same for Daisy’s sentiments(laugh)..the jackal had a hard time for 15 years(laugh)..3 realtions 2 serious 1 advanced to absolute volcano off(laugh) that too all since 15 to 36,21 damn years for 3 realtions(laugh) similarly extracted the news without namecalls(laugh) rest the jackal himself did(laugh) and 2 serious first one more advanced since school 15 to 22 was travel companions as well but in the midlle all those devastation was there as well as two travels for gyms and so on and when our Dase flower was 22 I was 15 didn’t start my journey yet(laugh) and she married at the age of 41(laugh) then 2 in 10 years the serious one was the 2nd was from 30 to 33(laugh) in-between still trusted the most cunning fox to handle her Gyaradosy baby and manage the gym realizable the illusion and jackal as usual most dumb fox(laugh) then another from 35-36 damn brat(laugh) 36 to 41 is 5 damn years and then married jackal and jackal we all know just THE one one most dumb jackal(laugh) then our Brocko man(laugh) 2 relations only,a gym leaders from Kanto itself another at college when I sweared the hell out of that brat it was directed to the brat not Brock I was in illusion so the trouble and then only the first was serious cause he was gym leader still less naive still(laugh) from 20 to 23 during our Pasio stay broke-up,and then our Viol flower not once anyone except Brock but we all know about it(laugh) cause we know Violet too well too totally transparent and simple(l