rstanding indeed i admit a few scenes are indefinite#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Giselle(angry) : "shut up you impending b.. you were the one who while supposed to be walking off rationale walked around intention#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Tantrum : “knowledge so sure..action is that which will eventually bore(all burst into laughter)” Terry(hitting Tantrum again in the same spot similarly) : “I’ll see how you continue this” Tantrum : “should’ve understood it then itself that a bit is ever smaller to the restive piece(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(crying,shout trying to stop Terry) : “Terry I swear..” Tantrum : “unless you budge your disturbed mind won’t grasp the fact that I appear to you as not of your gender a thing that I’ll now inquire(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(cry) : “Randy please why..(angry)..no there shouldn't be tears unlike your b.. of hemisphere#..Choiced Brats,#,..”
Terry(scowl) : "atleast i wasn't trying to simulate what if mine rather what if thine take that you bivariate trading rascal#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Tantrum : “it’s of no use you see ‘mam unless the physique comes if its asked to require(all laugh a lot)” Terry(trying to force Giselle away) : “just..” Tantrum : “let him one more atleast ‘mam he’s hit me 4 times 3 more than your wish the next one will definitely prove to him as his beau the letter 4 indeed you’re WISHED(all laugh a lot)” Terry(punching his forehead) : “EXACTLY YOUR WISH(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(sternly,crying,sobbing) : “you’ve been reported to Police Terry now deal with it too(all laugh shaking their heads)..(both giggle)..Oh Gyre Gyre alas/oh Gyre looking for only thus(all un..long,..Choiced Brats,#,..)” Tantrum : “that indeed it’s a curse trying to know me not being you(all laugh)” Terry(going near Tantrum,frown) : “no Gis it’s ok I’m not going anywhere let them come here..it’s ok I won’t do anything you’ll see mate how did you withstand each even the last..” Tantrum : “the same way she is when your mind said just shut up you b..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(shout,tears) : “Terry you..” Terry(frown) : “no it’s ok Gis I’m not doing anything this brat isn’t surmountable physically I did use all my power but this brat just leaned back just enough asymmetrically(all laugh..lot) and sprang his feets out just enough to kill the full blow by startling me a bit something never done unless one it's the tailwhip of a Kommo-O(all burst..,Gary,Goran,Stash and Seth cheer for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST HIT THE RIGHT CORDS/OF YOUR VIOLIN EVEN IF NOT STRINGED AT ALL DOESN’T MATTER CAUSE MUSIC EXISTS ONLY IN THE FEELINGS THAT’S IN MIND WHICH ON OWNSELF EVER LORDS,Brock hides his face laughing,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Gary cheers for JUST HIT WITH THAT DASHING ROCK,..,Violet in convulsions laughing,Poppy and Mehadi cheers for PEWTER NOW YOU ROCK/HAIL DASHING LEADER BROCK,..,Brock in same pose shakes his head laughing)..” Tantrum : “as it’s illusive no matter my conviction the truth remains so cause of the same Mr Terry that’s the conclusion LOGICALLY(all laugh)..” Terry(helping Tantrum up,bit milder voice) : “I don’t believe it’s that easy Randy(all laugh)..and i certainly know what would've happened to my legs if you finished your counter infact you i understand can't even scare people with your physique cause to you fear is the meaning like anything like(laughing a lot)..THE MOST ENSUING(all burst..)
Tantrum : "mentally though THE MOST CAPTIVATING..perceptively that is(all un..)"
Terry(laugh,helping him) : "nice to meet you Mr Tantrum rationally(all burst..)..when Mojo and Nilu went off we were different school thought it's unfair hearing them saying how GRATEFUL they were and they wished they meant it(all burst..)..man we were so so wrong to be jealous of them it is the exact opposite infact to kill it as well(all laugh..lot)..anyway Randy you’re bleeding bad I’m sorry I just..” Tantrum : “blood is the same consists of every man Mr Terry but only when comes out unintentionally why do you so much worry(all laugh)..this idea of physical strength is irrespective of mental health that is the most ensuing to the self hence physique alone is insentience how any hit atmost till death can it help(all laugh a lot shaking their heads),OH MIND MIND DEATH’S NEAR/OH PHYSIQUE PHYSIQUE WHERE IS FEAR(all laugh a lot)/OH LIFE LIFE THIS NOT TRUE/DEATH WELCOME TO CAUSALITY NOW whose whose BEAU(all un..,..)..any philosophical state-of-arts neglected(all un..,..)” Giselle(trying to wipe the blood off) : “no it’s ok let me help you and Police will see you you..(angry)..no this you should be intransitive unlike your help of being the self centred ethics(all un..long,..Choiced Brats,#,..)..”
Terry(scowl) : "atleast i was saying ok then i can unlike your is then also the projected now in-turn take that you unison implicit scoundrel#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Tantrum : “they will see the psychophysical being ‘mam not Mr Terry THE MEANING(all un..) cause it’s only me here nothing else of which I’ll have to worry cheers for unconsciousness of the ever conscious(falls asleep,all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(scoffing at Terry,helping Tantrum) : “saw saw that you coward..that’s the real gallantry..(both giggle)..rhyming with Manaphy..projectively not adjectively(all un..long,..Terrence&Giselle..Phantom: The Adjective of Adverb,countering,#,..)”
Tantrum(waking up) : "PHYSICALLY same as waiting for a doctor while facing a bad dysentery..sorry for inconvenience habit a pantry..shh#..anyway#..(falls off again)..(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS HOLIDAY/OH GUZZLE THUS THE PAY HIKE DAY,ALL UN..,..MASTER BRATS)"
Terry(laughing) : "see what i've been telling you this is all act could've ripped my head off in too much glee if wanted none of which if acted upon explains the meanings to him rather the result thus didn't(all un..)"
Giselle(scowl,trying to help Tantrum) : "if i was of his size i would've done both together(all laugh..lot)"
Terry(laughing,helping Tantrum) : “it's ok just put the bags under his head atleast 100 more like me are required still to move him over it will be above 9.5 kg each do you understand that this is the same scoundrel who babysitted me first meeting signing the difference between this and it(all un..long).."
Giselle(frown) : "whatever don't mingle that b.. Humdrum with Randy#..and you're a most boastful athlete saying physique is inexistent during performances opposite to the function of mind(all un..)"
Terry(laughing) : "to kill which this brat first uses words then acting to elicit sympathy don't you understand this brat is hearing everything not talking cause wants to know us as he said the meanings(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum(waking up) : "THOSE FEELINGS..intentionally though..(falls off again going back to position)..(all un..)"
Giselle(frown,helping Tantrum again) : "no i will help him still EACH TIME cause of the PHYSICAL nature of your transaction you understand you lowlife(all laugh..lot)"
Terry(laughing a lot,similar to Giselle) : "Gis I may be so but your praise to him only rhymes with mental courage to say excuse me I’ve been shot by PHYSICAL dysentery(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)” Giselle(scoff) : “yeah if only you could express that like him in this physical shape(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(laugh,very happy) : “YES I GET IT MR TANTRUM IT ONLY MEANS YOU CAN SAY SORRY I CAN’T COME OUT OF HERE WAS A BIT LATE DON’T HIDE THIS PLACE BEHIND SO MANY BEAMS(all burst into laughter)”
Tantrum(waking up) : "algorithmically..(falling off again but doesn't disturb Giselle and Terry's work)..(all un..)" 
Giselle(scoffing at Terry who is laughing un..) : “yeah for a lowlife like you only this will take off all the sheen not the meaning EXACTLY as he just said your actions when spontaneous is all algorithmic thus the trouble(all un..)”
Terry(un.. laughing) : "countering which there exists this idea of emotional rubbles(all un..)"
Giselle(scowl) : "rhyming with reactive stubbles that that b.. Cammie has now(un..laughs)..(all un..,..MASTER BRAT,Gary,Goran,Seth and Stash cheers for,DIALGA DON'T BE A GAMBLER JUST UNDERSTAND YOUR DISSENT/THAT IT'S THE FEELING OF BEING NOT ANOTHER SIMILAR TO SMELLING YOUR CLOTHS AFTER APPLYING AN EXPENSIVE FRAGRANCE,all un..,..LEADING ROCK,all un..,Brock too un..)"
Terry(un..) : "like intelligence to not do is only the contrast of definition impossible to be predefined yet defines the intrinsic nature to be water in the bubble(all un..)"
Tantrum(waking up) : “countering(all un..),right the Police is coming compeers either hide or get into their books for your lack of logical reasoning(all laugh)..” Giselle(laughing a lot) : “i'm sure they are coming here only for tomorrow's headline only(all un..)
Terry(un..) : "like,'PHYSIQUE : THE MORALITY OF MIND'(all un..)"
Tantrum(thumping..) : "ONTIPHELACIBTAUGRUN(all un..)..but what does this statement mean to BE..formatively though(all un..,Violet cheers for SICKLE NO SUPPLE HOE,all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police : “Ms Giselle Jiplem we guess..” Giselle(controlling herself) : “um..yeah but I’m sorry..” Police : “no don’t..” Tantrum : “worry hallow again compeers not a good day now at all I’m indeed so sorry(all laugh a lot)” Police : “whose this Ms Giselle with you(all un..long)” Tantrum : “it’s cold here compeers a few drinks will solve it better than the books teaching how to sue(all laugh)..” Police : “you lad what’s your name#” Tantrum : “it’s hard indeed to walk without support no matter the physique for those who mentally feel they are lame(all laugh a lot)” Police : “son please we won’t say anything your victim will cost us his treatment fee in whole cause we’ve volunteered to look after society(all un..long) just the formality it’s ok..(all un..long)” Terry(frown) : “where’s your team of the great Growliths(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “went missing as their treatment was to be never Gigaliths(all laugh)” Terry(frown) : “and why are you in so much haste to finish here UNLIKE what we read(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “optically in both cases mentioned(all un..,..)”
Police : “fare enough Ms you see it’s your problem thus as none co-operates here hence..” Giselle(frown) : “excuse me Sir but I don’t think you can leave him agnostic to our financial positions no matter even if he’s Mr alias Randy Tantrum or what you suspect we were talking about given what you may be thinking looking at us as he speaks(all laugh a lot) cause you can see he is still bleeding a fare bit and his forehead is swelling already and that's physical i'm sure by now you know that all know that this is your golden goose(all laugh..lot)” Police : “meaning honesty being the laboratory of being is a self defined noose only to be countering itself the ruse(all un..).."
Tantrum : "constructionally though not consequentially in terms of,'object : the subject of meaning'(all un..)"
Police : "yeah mythologically(all laugh..lot)..if only you could shorten the sizes according to humans ALGORITHMICALLY#..best of days boys these little brats had to choose none else(all laugh)” Tantrum : “as to determine the spelling of sick..indeed I admit(all laugh a lot)..(standing up straight front from lying then cross legged sitted position)..you see blood is there in abundance in the body wonder why you don’t have equipments to collect these for the same grouped NEEDY(all laugh shaking their heads).."
Police : "and standing up straight front from cross legged sited position with almost a tonne of weight behind# reached from straight legged lying position while saying these with mental counters even before ensures the construction of weakness not it's consequence thus..(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "yeah the most ensuing why(all un..)..in terms of new directions of applied probability i meant CATEGORICALLY not merely intuitively(all un..),anyway compeers your car will be needed cause my compeer here at-arms prefers using two wheelers as it serves more for you two while you’re busy investigating why no publicity was given to the thrillers(all laugh a lot)..” Police : “Ms you and your friend may go we’ll drop him to a hospital don’t worry this this an Aerodactyl TAMED THANKFULLY#..alias tonnes not lorry#..you yourself can see unless we behave our pokemons will most happily teach us how to(all laugh)” Tantrum : “come on you two inside the transports let them enjoy the ride of the AH!THAT WHIZ OF AIR JIMMY..sshh..KILLER!(all laugh a lot)” Police : “Sta..(all laugh)”
Tantrum : “Tantrum..that’s the code of conduct perfumed but full of blisters(all burst into laughter)..”
Police : “well we’ll see how you achieve your goals of 12,12 after all(all laugh)” Tantrum : “I don’t really have to Sir don’t I look someone who enjoys to rather crawl(all laugh)” Giselle(worried) : “um..Sir please..(all laugh)..” Police : “no it’s ok Ms you come over to the transport cause it’s cold here as he says don’t worry we’ve been through far far worse as you’ve understood from the name if not his effects on you mentally he as would obstinately advocate the nature(all laugh..lot)..” Tantrum : “I agree Sir that this isn’t any less than a hall of fame” Police : “yeah indeed now just move it rhymes saw(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “I’ll get down to the nearest clinic or hospital whichever is SERVED first(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) with these two no matter my visibility through the blindfolds you will go to at least time else I wonder what makes a solid ice turn into thaw(all laugh a lot)..thus no TAMING compeers fetch that lorry#..shh#..so much energy of potential#..” Police : “hang on a minute call Dickson up can’t travel with this b.. till he faints again(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)” ..(few minutes later Dickson comes)..
Dickson : “hey Cole what..(sees Tantrum and the rest) what the f..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “I admit Dicky that it’s cold here the weather what’s the price today of an old bottle of expired syrup(all laugh a lot)” Dickson : “Ah!thank God I kept my earphone(all un..)..I don’t have any pokemons Mr Tantrum thus I beat you here i'll see how you get to 12,12(all un..)” Tantrum : “the intentionally deaf is the one who truly enjoys the falling of those dry leafs deemed as the conglomeration thus ever more than one whole year invisible to the mental freight(all burst into laughter)” Dickson : “hey I’m only getting started ok..(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “I thought hence only the end will come sooner cause already has been caught the innocent VENIPEDE(all burst into laughter)”
Cole : “whatever just move it(all laugh)..” 
Dickson(frown) : "no he insulted my girlfriend's individual existence(all un..)"
Tantrum : "correction corroborate to the consciously mentioned form professionally not personally(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)"
Cole(frown) : "yeah analogously you all get going enough with this.."
Tantrum : "i wish could concur if you were professional with your meaning adding proverbially(all un..)..else it's a matter of spices and systems compeers as i was told by existence if you want to be different you must subsume the smells too far beyond the idea of bear rhymes saw(all un..)"
all the Polices excluding Cole(very angry) : "you b.."
Cole(stopping them all he was the in charge) : "and you morons call yourselves Police huh after 22 years(all un..)"
Tantrum : "THE MOST ENACTING(all un..)..(All the Police remonstrate)..no you are hitting me sometimes compeers physically exactly what i said to encapsulate by being resilient..(changes expression)..MENTALLY(all burst..).."
(all are a bit taken aback)
Police(a female Police very angry) : "what do you mean hum..he's in military ok i have to.."
Cole(frown) : "Luppy enough this brat has only corroborated to your feelings by not doing so thus countering to or fro(all un..)"
Tantrum : "randomly compeer be professional with universe thus hence not so(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)"
Cole(scowl) : "yeah enough with this you all get going(all laugh..lot).."
Dickson(angry) : "no he should apologize to her she is the one to tell me to read non fiction books to be cheerful after duty(all un..).."
Cole(angry) : "man are you a 5 year old(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "oh being being be be my/oh this creation of BEAUTY no more different unless hallow not hi(all un..)/thus to be a being be be shy/to be afraid of thee not me..look conscious vultures fly(all un..)/thus this idea to be perfect is what's my/for me to reach the perfection as a target not me i need to say welcome never bye(all un..)/to this idea of difference as else it will become dry/thus to recreate it as the subject objectively emotional vultures fly(all un..)..said Gira Gira Gira Gi(all un..)/Tina Tina whose is me(all un..)/thus to the reflection of me as thee/remove the infection of difference..else look intellectual vultures see(all un..)/thus this management of being just to die/death says oh wait do you want me to greet life as hallow or hi(all un..)/thus to live here be be neigh/to the difference countering look indifferent vultures fly(all un..)..any comparison between degrees noticed without explaining the mathematical rules(all un..).."
Cole(frown) : "no thanks(all laugh..lot).."
Luppy(angry still though going) : "no i tell you two don't listen to this b.. he only told how to mention the reason not the approach(all un..).."
Tantrum : "to be dual reason is illusion though that dually not lexically means the real cockroach,countering(all un..)..cause it's noted forever that duality is the illusion of reality,COUNTERING(all un..,..COUNTERING,all un..)..any conceptions not dually described(all un..)"
Police(very angry all except) : "no he insulted our commitment(all un..)"
Cole(angry pushing Dickson and Luppy the main protesters off all are set now) : "countering your self proclaimed faithful mental regiment get off now(all un..)"
Tantrum : "really,countering(all un..)"
Cole(scowl) : "don't insult my wife's practice ok she is very determined in that(all un..)"
Tantrum : "reflectively indeed compeer as practice is impossible to be countering in reflection isn't it practically countering(all un..)"
all the Polices(mainly Dickson,Luppy and Cole,unison,frown) : "so you don't believe in what you preach.."
Tantrum : "to ditch ofcourse to be countering..in reflection though not actuation,to absolution COUNTERING(all un..,..GUZZLE A RANDOM HUMDRUM,all un..)"
..(all get into into the transports,Tantrum is given first aid)..
Tantrum(while going) : "whooiii..this car trip(all un..long,..A Random Tryrantum)..oh Gyre Gyre Clashing Ego/of me and space Gyre look aim chasing time's shadow/oh Gyre Gyre then and now/oh Gyre notice here is left how#.."
Police(very angry) : "hey hey this isn't picnic ok#..A Random Tryrantum,#,.."
Terry&Giselle(too happy) : "Oh Me Look at thy wheel/tell self how to be me feel/oh else look my me deals/oh i whose on thy wheel#.."
Driver(exasperated) : "you little brats i'll complain to Leo for being#..Quill Gunning..,#,.."
Terry(a bit concerned) : “um..no it’s ok don’t talk you’re badly hurt no matter Randy and these brats have worsened it only both will get ditched i can tell you myself given the food unless they don't try to eat it cause as you said countering(all un..) but I’m..” Tantrum : “no the roads are a bit slippery it’s ok acceleration is an art here cause retardation strangely isn’t significant if not completely nay..(all laugh)” Driver : “hey don’t curse us ok..(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “I wonder why it will take so many days to evolve a car engine tester course entrance exam midcarder Whirlipede(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Someone : “Norris shut the f.. window before the devil reaches the admission queue(all laugh a lot)”
Tantrum : "not forgetting to bring the specifications PHYSICALLY though despite the already held interview,countering(all un..)"
Norris(angry) : "yeah whatever..(shuts the window)..(all un..)"
Terry(laughing..) : "man they are having as much fun as the agony i understand like countering(all laugh..lot)
Tantrum : "well that's the point of being born compeer isn't it merely to mean i can,countering my ability(all un..).."
Norris(turned a recorder on inside) : "any annotations(all un..).."
Tantrum : "kindness : the fiction of pretense(all un..)"
Norris : "countering we guess(all un..)"
Tantrum(thumping) : "SCOLIPEDE!(all un..)..that's the queue compeer,to the journey FROM sanity..the meanings of FROM the possibilities the mathematics the happiness..shh..THE MOST REGALING,tentatively though not automatically as suggested by lexicon..shh..MADDENING(all un..)"
Norris : "right Dommie () guaranteed from Juritared(all burst..)"
Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..Randy please don’t provoke them no matter you're hurt they won't stop you know that best(all laugh shaking..)” Tantrum : “if questioned indeed(all un..),'question : the intention of assurance'(all un..) hence wisdom is paramount to counter this,'wisdom : a critique of consequence,countering the algorithm of itself not the MEANING,potentially countering if potency is feasible though not merely meaningful'(all un..)..they should’ve asked directly if I’m complaining at all..you all are below 17 I guess shouldn’t have dragged you there at all I was more than fine in between states what lies void is the classroom of BEING,thus only it could be possible though given BEING,countering(all un..)..this is exactly what I told them buy a few drinks just that the induced states or even the KNOWLEDGE that there's a possibility or the simple influence of invigoration from life would've told them THE MEANINGS(all un..) thus they should've done that not start to insinuate cause they thought they knew me personally impossible unless professionally(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!)..the apparent injuries are best healed themselves even in dissipation doctors only will help to specify their profession(all un..,..)..hence Mr Terry make this your steady name for tonight don’t worry(all laugh)..like,I I I HUSH MY MY MY(all un..,..)/REST IN PEACE BYE BYE BYE OBJECTION NEIGH NEIGH NIEGH(all un..,..)/THUS FOREST FOREST CAN’T YOU STOP FROM BEING PINY PINY(all un..,..)/THUS A QUA QUA OR DREAMS TAPU VICTINI(all un..,..)..any intentional disarming of rigour noticed(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)..”
Dommie(was listening) : "the lack of proper description(all un..).."
Terry(scowl) : "hey enough with it ok this isn't your drawing room(all un..)"
Tantrum : "room : the precipitation of the meaning of soon,countering(all un..)..any ambiguity over whether it's a philosophical shelter of preparation for reactive opportunity or all the three adjectives separately or in combinations impossible to get unless recombined are their meanings,only possible in applications potentially irrelevant due to the chance of the meaning of and also in orientations(all un..)"
Dommie : "right hospital's neigh as is () from Zipgarnet they are starving for long it's an opportunity(all un..,..THE REFUGEES OF HONESTY,all un..)"
Tantrum : "who are those Domino do you know you are only the game of let's's casino(all un..long).."
Dommie(frown) : "they come from a region where social sections were oppressed in the name of illusive mandates and hierarchies and heredities and they clashed all the time it's a pure law,order and entrepreneurship situation don't mingle in it as if neither they nor we knew about this solution all along that you have to paraphrase an eroteme called Effort Fraction#..Able Section,#,.."
Tantrum : "but i can see compeers i can see a being..there domain-invested,domain-authorized,domain-connected,domain-optimized..shh..compeer..that's just any,any : alas what's mine..shh..so much spontaneity rulin' determined memory antonin' counter situatin' intellectual want(all un..long,A Random Tryrantum,all un..long).."
Terry&Giselle(too happy) : "GGGG Oh now same/me me me me alas whose claim/thus be be be be why so same/thus look i i me me thee's limbs..
ei madden maddening ning/Bounty Bedlam Ding/Oven of then Lit up cling/BOUNTY THEN BEDLAM RING.."
Devon(calls them,scowl) : "Stashey where's Pillie hum why these fugitives are returning as if hide and seek hum(all un..long,Bounty You BEDALM/OVEN lits up Logics FAN,#,..)"
Terry(excited) : "oh Pillie isn't invocable by aspiration uncle only failure unlike Mizzie only thoughts most impure#..Habitant Lap..countering..shuu..Relation Sap..shuu..Hands-On,#,.."
Devon(frown) : "i see and Gissie is supposed to act as a spoiled brat trying to use a compassionate mask to hide own insecurity of loneliness and see what she's doing#.."
Giselle(too happy) : "ei living loving this is my/Proven Umpteen just i to then this is thy/oh refill thus concern of my/living hunts else whatever's algorithm in observer as trial's neigh#..Living Hunter,#,.."
Surrendering Fugitives(too happy) : "Ei Bounty you BEDALM/Gone justice as mere singular's pun#.."
Higher Clans(too happy) : "Oh Proven Umpteen as something only says hi hi i#.."
Lower Clans(too happy) : "Consciousness you Madden Existential Sigh#.."
Polices(too happy) : "ei Bounty you hunt down some#.."
Some Civilian Societies(too happy) : "Ei Madden Lit up useful's somes#.."
some Judiciary(too happy) : "Oh now now now now essence done../(with all Norbert and rest included all too happy barring Devon whose extremely angry,Randy Tantrum isn't found)..As living painter painted none(all un..long,Living Hunter,#,..).."
Devon(very angry) : "hey hey don't try to mingle voidness into confusion ok countering..just to be counterin-G yeah#..Conscious Precious,#,.."
..(at hospital)..
Tantrum : “we were embroiled in an accident these two young ones(all laugh..lot) were riding road is slippery just got hit called the police they helped much gratitude to them for my authentication note i'm a person-in terms of the essence of being-it's a fashion(all un..)..(Terry manages himself not bursting into laughter   Tantrum somehow,Giselle shakes her head laughing while controlling herself..),any loss of phenomenal congruency neglected(all un..)” ..(after treatment,they stay outdoor eating something)..
Tantrum : “no it’s ok the night’s still left thus the cleaning there will be done to some amount atleast by others as I do the roads from here(all laugh a lot) but your dear ones might be worried now it’s much late you see to them for your PHYSICAL age(all laugh a lot)..but i tell you i've been in both sides time will not tell you when only in future exactly why they and may be you too at times will call the coming so despite being prepared,countering(all un..)”
Terry(laugh) : “man no wonder they’re so scared of you each cities except Yellowburst,Frucifern and Pewter cause of the obdurate advocation and consent in case of the middle(all laugh..lot)..” Tantrum : “yeah life feels caged indeed for any celebrity(all laugh a lot),celebration though is only the poison of future(all un..)..” Terry(laugh) : “man i wish you could fit at school and college then at every profession since 3.5 itself(all laugh..lot) it's contagious this language(all laugh..lot)..and you're 16 now and still already we've lost 15 years of you all man this is unfair to sanity(all brust..)..and um..when you were saying those rhymes it was as if I could literally see Tapu Fini or Victini contemplating these(all laugh a lot)..I guess it natural to you all..” Tantrum : “hence couldn’t be subject to being but all(all laugh a lot) and it’s existential not natural(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(smile) : “whatever Randy you’re ok now that’s all for us to be happy..” Tantrum : “Mr Terry I guess this too gentle veiled by too firm behaviour of her is the reason she can’t get a proper puppy(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(bit concerned) : “no Gis it’s ok(all laugh)..well I guess I could concur Mr Tantrum but I don’t see any reason for Cammie’s overbearing vigil(all laugh)..” Tantrum(getting up) : “well thanks for help Mr Terry and you too Ms Giselle and please send my best wishes to Mr Nitolsil along with this fact for all of you that things aren’t always of the best quality like life itself if brought on a sale thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..(Tantrum goes away)..” Giselle(disappointed) : “no way you can get that physique alone either Terry not in next term try your best all along(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(disappointed) : “I won’t try cause first you can’t get to 8 ft 3 inches with 333 kgs unless with the physical problems he has for 16 years now secondly certainly even then never maintaining it while roaming in filling ground and eating from crematories while spoiling little kids and pokemons included in collusion with vultures mental never physical for 5 years and 9 months now years 24/7 then force yourself in sewage authority continuing the antics now working as well without any change in physical proportions since 8 and quarter(all laugh a lot) and finally and most importantly I can’t be cause I have a family who has a few friends(all laugh a lot,Goran,Stash and Seth cheer for Doctor Slate,all laugh a lot,Brock slaps himself laughing)” Giselle(frown) : “yeah this is all your courage isn’t it despite him showing the path and we both understanding and appreciating it THEN AND THERE..(all laugh..lot,..CHOICED BRATS)” Terry(frown) : “no Randy is right why are you so hellbent to be my girlfriend and not Cammie’s hum what’s the difference in meaning..(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(scoff) : “or Randy’s for your REFERENCE(all burst into laughter)..don’t try that ok cause we both know what i just said is more implausible than being physically dead while alive in same sphere(all laugh..lot) given the very idea of himself gives him ample subjects to counter all his lives as he is talking about time(all laugh..lot).."
Terry(frown) : "surely at some point in that he was she your girlfriend hence so much infatuation already(all burst..)"
Giselle(frown) : "atleast it's defined only in subtle(all un..)..and in gross I know it’s the same for you and Mildred the existential randomness not abstract b.. like that..(all laugh)” Terry(scoff) : “yeah b.. for sure..(all laugh)” Giselle(frown,getting up) : “I’m leaving make sure to not talk about that so and so next meeting UNLIKE all times even today bye(all laugh)” Terry(grim) : “yeah don’t forget to send the record for a starter(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(frown,going away) : “if it was Randy would’ve said taste of validation of self wouldn’t be delicious enough a bread unless the negation serves as butter thanks(all burst into laughter)” Terry(grim) : “yeah thus one must toil hard against sanity thus only would get to digest ever increasing low quality abundant the crux of the 98 and not leaving from 323 to 333 for a matter(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(frown) : “exactly now leave your PHYSICAL activities to plough the field of the above else will never become a brat like that who toils the hardest to be categorized as utter(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for MASTER BRAT,all laugh even more)..” ..so(all laugh),finally this one ends just part 1(all laugh) man these brats are something you know it’s been more than 28 damn years we’re firmly into the other half of life by every means with additions of future(all laugh)..so first the reactions of the one and only Doctor Slate(all laugh a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “man would’ve fled Kanto itself had I known what sort of hideous pros are coming straight out of most polluted drains mentally that is(all laugh a lot),cause till then none knew about pokemon masters on hand thus their INHUMAN following(all laugh..lot)..and no wonder his little bros' beaus(all laugh a lot) had to be this Gyaradosy both in different ways(all laugh)..” Violet(laugh) : “no this is going to be staged absolute as Playboy Twist(all laugh a lot)..this part alone is going to break all banks as we describe the original versions of our shows so far(all laugh..lot)..and we’re only getting started as you see(all laugh) man Magie is something indeed to say why aren’t you me(all laugh) all four still can’t resurrect themselves whenever reminded of the fist sights(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “AH!BEAUTY!BEAUTY!(all laugh a lot)..man what brats we have in our bunches(all laugh)..anyway then Senor says,’this is ONLY FIRST PART IN 27 damn YEARS(all laugh)’,’I hope you know how long it takes to roll over(all laugh)’,’yeah surely you’re enjoying this(all laugh)’,’I wonder what is to be done with a sis that’s hellbent not to stay as miss(all burst into laughter)’,’hey don’t..(all laugh)’,’and you’re the one listening to these for 17 years for 12/7 now 18/7 in last 3(all burst..)’,’hey don’t try that ok(all laugh) you first ferried me off to your whole family then mercilessly sweared me away yet I hear when Fabian chided me you sewared him even more horribly(all laugh)’,’too much bonhomie I see(all laugh)’,’EXACTLY(all laugh) now listen to these(all laugh)’,’it’s hard to treat a spoiled little sis anyway(all laugh)’,’yeah now if I try to say nice things you’ll again play’,’THAT LOGICAL GAME(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)’,’yeah hence lets make it thicker without any blame(all laugh)’,’indeed such long a road Senor to surmount the idea of shame(all laugh shaking their heads)’,’hey..(all laugh)’,’else you can never be at my very own hall of fame(all laugh)’,’um yeah it rhymes with SOLELY SELF INFLICTED ABJECT MENTAL PAIN(all laugh)’,’well you’re the one that’s volunteered here havn’t you’,’yeah only a trap to say thus whose whose beau(all lagh)’,’EXOTIC(all burst into laughter) wonder why you couldn’t become a trainer(all laugh)’,’that’s why I’m playing this deal with it no brainer(all laugh)..anyway then the recording restarts(all laugh)..” ..(Mildred at the same spot same time next week,has a big bag with her beside)..
Tantrum : “excuse me ‘mam but I’m afraid you’re..” Mildred(bit worried) : “um..no my bag carries the necessities(all burst into laughter,Lillie,Goran,Stash,Seth and Gary uncontrollably laugh)” Tantrum : “it’s strange why bees are expected to be found always at a young flower’s vicinities(all burst into laughter,cheers for young flower dream,Seth and Mehadi uncontrollably laugh)” Mildred(bit discomforted) : “um..no I know your language is like this(all laugh) but um..no I really want to learn how to work here(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “well for that one must understand the differentiation of truth and dare(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(bit taken aback) : “um..no I have come alone(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “then it’s a problem of non-profitable loan(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(concerned) : “um..no Mr Randy please(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “if it denotes poor quality why does the photographer say CHEESE(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(concerned) : “um no it’s ok I come from a well to do family(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “strange is this ink and paper ever driving people CEREBRALLY(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(pleading,bit shivering voice) : “please Mr Randy I plead for..(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “well first of all then I have to affirm from you that indeed you are seeing me categorized in a gender(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(concerned) : “um..no I’m..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum : “trying to be a woman(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(very dejected) : “please Mr Randy I can’t..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “well work is an excuse of physique ‘mam the reality is that how to mentally formulate the mind random(all laugh)” Mildred(very dejected) : “but how could HE..(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “is the reason why you’re hellbent to be deemed as she/thus you see it’s moral yet unethical no matter the appearing honesty/thus the only way out of this chain devastating is to give up your mental sanity(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(shout,very sad) : “I WILL BECOME..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash cheers for IGNITE THE MENTAL APE,all laugh even more)..” Tantrum : “ordained at a place calling myself this is the new me hence here’s the new thee thus let’s begin my new journey alas the body must be thus there too welcome back to the honest plurality(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY,all laugh even more)” Mildred(shattered) : “then..then..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Tantrum : “thus to uplift one from the affliction of this monotonic regularity/one must ask why to be when there’s nothing to gain or lose in singular artistry(all laugh)..” Mildred(very dejected) : “yeah so easy to..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “exactly the reason why you may want to register for this job ‘mam to remove the monotonicity of the regular necessity you can think of it as the burden of being being flushed thus it becomes effective hospitality(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..” Mildred(bit taken aback) : “um..but um..at home we anyhow have to..(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “VISION ‘mam is what changes you from the rest to your beau(all laugh)..” Mildred(bit concerned) : “um..no I understand that but it’s so hard you know to constantly think in this way your words are like um..(all laugh a lot,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,all laugh even more)..” Tantrum : “no more than calling a bribery just an extra sum(all laugh)” Mildred(disappointed,taking the sewage worker’s dress out) : “here’s that it cost () even your association just for an old used suit..(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “keep it with you better than the hypnotizing effects of flute(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(disappointed) : “exactly what I thought in that state you won’t even remember if your dress is already in a um..(all uncontrollably laugh)” Tantrum : “well I concur with this ‘mam with the fact that whose hypnotizing you must pay off someone may be own too if they wish their wish to be smoother as an addendum(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)” Mildred(very happy as if suddenly understanding something) : “YES SO..SO..(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,Seth cheers for Drew the Shrew who Spew,all laugh even more)..” Tantrum : “three in one ‘mam as it’s heard the necessities to erase hatred,fear and shame(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(bit concerned) : “but still I can’t actually..(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)..” Tantrum : “thus don’t be virtually(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(shattered) : “so..so all along just a ploy to..(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “hard is life indeed if one has to discern consistently who is who(all laugh)” Mildred(dejected) : “yeah like this is false thus only can’t be true(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “one of infinite ways ‘mam to bind the laces of the same shoe(all laugh)..” Mildred(very happy,beaming) : “thus..thus it’s not needed unless one wants to know if pebbles hurt that’s just whose whose beau(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Stash and Seth cheer for ARTISTIC BEAU COUNTING,all laugh even more)” Tantrum : “well you will have to be able to apply(all laugh)” Mildred(very happy throwing her fists) : “thus is the mental evolution exactly what to the brats you obdurately supply(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for THAT FEELING,all laugh even more,Brock pats his forehead laughing)” Tantrum : “well it’s a matter of reasoning only ‘mam too much glee is the reason why the collaboration hours end up in psychophysical comply(all laugh shaking their heads,Stash says,yeah why not Mr Skechit why not,all laugh,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Mildred(bit concerned) : “um..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “it’s a matter of discernment on not anything but why to reply(all laugh shaking their heads,Goran,Stash and Seth laughs a lot)..” Mildred(bit solemn) : “yeah only if you felt..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “well it’s very easy infact to use as a whip your own belt(all laugh)” Mildred(bit taken aback) : “hey what..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “the mind will have to return if there’s me/hence this body is discerned ‘mam an outlet to be thee(all laugh)” Mildred(solemn) : “well it’s a matter of abject self mortification then exactly what you’ve taken upon yourself I guess more than intentionally(all laugh)” Tantrum : “it’s a matter of LOGIC ‘mam why try to be a being if it’s already done so drastically(all laugh) thus what’s not really you will find it’s use cause you’re not seeking yourself or the viseversa actually thus it’s a matter of understanding that the reality is all that’s all there actually(all laugh)..” Mildred(bit disappointed) : “yeah as ever can’t use it practically(all lagh)..” Tantrum : “why this thirst ‘mam to do that so so honestly(all laugh)” Mildred(straight) : “well then the duality no more remains hence you’re freed mentally(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “how can it remain at all irrespective to it if you know you’re beyond it PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for THAT FEELING,all laugh even more,Brock shakes his head laughing)” Mildred(smile) : “yeah holistic stuff I understand(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “that’s just to b.. with your n.. while you’re m.. can’t get enough just s.. a l.. c.. THE MEANINGS(all shake their heads laughing,.s a lot)” Mildred(taken aback) : “what the..(all laugh)” Tantrum : “PHYSIQUE ‘mam is the name of activation of the mind in the dual/thus let it play with your mind remaining firm yourself in discernment thus during the breaks you won’t be any more plural(all laugh)/then you can see that no matter if I’m or not me/it’s of no use carry the burden no matter it’s actual existence cause what it yields is only thee(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(very happy) : “thus give up your sanity to be free(all burst into laughter,Stash and Seth cheer for LIFE IN FIGHT SO FIRE THIS LIFE,all laugh even more)..man what sort of a brat are you(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..” Tantrum : “if you knew anything about pokemons you would’ve asked it to any supermarket guards’ association membership application deposit queue manager Scyther(all burst into laughter,Tracey uncontrollably laughs)” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “well I won’t be alive if I try that no matter my knowledge(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “strange is this life you know a magician eludes all who very well know beforehand what he hides under his hat(all laugh)” Mildred(smile) : “yeah indeed(all laugh)..but your motivation is to do away with the sanity part I guess(all laugh)” Tantrum : “that’s the whole point of trying to be what none can hence is this frantic race(all laugh)” Mildred(laugh) : “surely it’s something that you can’t teach though you’ll sure argue from the very beginning children’s cress(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “or it can simply come from the fact that one must respect any tax-paying resident of any scandalous bachelor’s mess(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(laugh) : “man it would’ve been impossible to remain sane with a brat like you around(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “this is the simmering joy of knowledge ‘mam that now I’m no more this thus this one should be hereby abound(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(frown) : “surely you’re a master in insinuating(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “one of many ways to get illusive things to be properly thus no more situating(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(smile) : “anyway it’s pretty late here I must go now thanks Randy much it was amusing this meeting(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “I wonder the reason for thanking a mother or child cause it’s a matter of thirst of the one who envisages alone that the logic must be befitting(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(bit concerned) : “um..those two who injured you send me the recording too(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “one was trying to know the other hence forgot the art differentiating bro and beau(all burst into laughter,cheers for KALOS WISDOM,all laugh even more)” Mildred(concerned) : “um..well you told why that b..
Giselle I mean not male(all burst into laughter,.controllably laughs) can’t get an honest beau(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “you can try to adjust yourself ‘mam putting yourself in the universal shoe,thanks..(Tantrum goes away)..(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(calling Tantrum) : “hey wait..”
Tantrum : “genderous becomes the closure of any kind unless one knows first how to not duck but forever remain beneath the ever turbulent waves of blood and sweat..try to follow me at your own risk ‘mam I won’t be charged of murder cause I will cover your body with your own bought cover(goes away)..(all laugh)”
Mildred(disappointed,self) : “man what sort of a brat declares own mental process first confessing how far below he is from what he wants to be yet uses this whole package to irritate people like this..(all laugh)..no wonder Terry said the Police is absolutely petrified by him(all laugh)..(laughs a lot)..well to him it only rhymes with a sewage workers’ contemplation association subscription defaulter Beeheeyem..(bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..anyway I must leave but(laugh) these records will never cease to be genderously punitive(bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..and still it’s so beautifully double edged just the lexicographic meaning itself rhymes saw(all laugh a lot)..(laughs a lot) thus the first thing of ingenderosity is to call your boyfriend ingenderously that’s(bursting into laughter) the artistic use of the word beau(uncontrollably laughs,tears,fits of laughter)..(all uncontrollably laughs,tears,cheers for BEAU COMBINATORICS,all laugh even more)..”
....(At classroom,all 4 present,few days later)..
Questioner : “Mr Bistorter this question is for you..” Terry(thoughtful face) : “um..I’m sorry Mr Gifobar but you could’ve given it a bit of zip by saying get out of this logical mess as I proceed to sue you(all burst into laughter)” Questioner : “what was that Terry(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(suddenly as if returning to senses) : “um..no I’m sorry..oh no what have I..um..(all laugh a lot)..” Questioner : “classes have started for long lad I thought you wouldn’t stay out too late at night..” Terry(ashamed) : “um..no Sir not that they can never say these not now not ever(all laugh a lot)..it’s a strange voice recording Sir just was circulating in the systems only said live from um..Karapaskar,Unova(all burst into laughter,.controllably laughs)..no it’s true Sir I’m not joking that sort of language has really affected my thinking rhymes sa..um..(all burst into laughter)” Questioner : “not the faculty of rhyming atleast(all laugh a lot)..I’m sorry Terry but I thought whoever is saying that isn’t at your stage of different life ventures and never was or will be in atleast a few cosmologies including this past and future(all laugh..lot) thus you must discriminate properly you're 16 now no more 3(all laugh..lot,Stash,Seth,Gary and Goran burst..)..” Terry(ashamed) : “um..no I’m sorry Sir very sorry..(all laugh)..” ..(Swimming Practise,Terry with others)..
Someone : “hey Terry let’s see who covers most on first jump..” Terry(thoughtful) : “I will Holmes but can you tell me something” Holmes : “yeah why..”
Terry(thoughtful) : “if I punch you once with all my power in a fit of rage then kick you in the same spot again with even more disgust in the abdomen area right on your liver same place where i punched(all laugh) would you stay conscious still(all laugh)”
Holmes(bit surprized) : “well the first one will be hard enough itself if you take me by surprize(all laugh)”
Terry(thoughtful) : “um..then in even more incensed mood if I kick you at same area thrice while you’re writhing in pain can you stay conscious still no matter the bleeding(all laugh)”
Holmes(frown) : “what happened man(all laugh)..” Terry(thoughtful) : “um..no I put a bet against someone whose just a normal man(all laugh..lot) said nothing will happen took all this was unconscious rather just dizzy for atmost 5 minutes(all laugh)..” Holmes(frown) : “Terry it rhymes(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(bit taken aback) : “um..no Holmsey don’t bother just was startled by his endurance you know(all laugh)..” Holmes(bit concerned) : “um..Terry whatever whoever have told you just forget those ok it just doesn’t make any sense cause you’re such a great swimmer we know the power you possess must’ve been someone from military or something but even for them without any notice..(all laugh)” Terry(thoughtful) : “no Holmesy I don’t believe he was one of the military but the Hospital said they barely saw such a body which had little connection to his head(all laugh)” Holmes(thoughtful) : “um..well but a human and a pokemon..(all laugh)..still you know you’re not above 17 but still 5 times no matter what(all laugh)..how much attuned one can be(all laugh)..(shout,bit scared)..OH NO Terry that is that..(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for THE VULTURES,all laugh even more)” Teacher : “hey what is going on over there..” Holmes(bit scared) : “Sir Terry tried to bet against..hey don’t..(all burst into laughter)” Terry(forcing Holmes to stop talking) : um..no sir nothing it’s ok..he’s just daydreaming(all laugh)..” Gilmour : “no sir I heard them(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(scoff) : “Gilly..”
Holmes(wriggling away) : “TERRY LOST A BET TO A RANDOM TRYRANTUM(all burst into laughter,.controllably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)..”
..a squabble breaks out..
Teacher(loud voice) : “hey stop this..” Gilmour(angrily) : “no Sir what if now these Floatzels..(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for SEISMIROTTZEL UNIVERSITY,all laugh even more)..” Terry(angrily) : “atleast they won’t be scared rhyming unlike you(all laugh a lot)..” Someone : “yeah scared for sure PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot) and this proposition comes from someone that can’t even protect his own..(all laugh shaking their heads,.s a lot)..” Terry(shout) : “Finny I dare you to..(all laugh)..” Teachers(shout) : “hey you all you’ll be thrown out of here(all laugh)..” Holmes(very concerned) : “no Sir tell him to speak whatever he knows even the Police as you know is just so..(all laugh)..”Terry(scowl) : "CAPTIVATED(all burst..).." 
Teacher(scoff) : “exactly unlike you they can also make themselves activated now zip it(all laugh..lot),man are you all toddlers(all laugh) whatever he is he doesn’t intrude anyone why all of you want to breach his privacy and especially you Terry you must’ve known all about him that he's yet to(all laugh a lot)..” Another Teacher : “um..no Johnson I agree even we do know the same for a year or more if not 13 full(all laugh..lot) but still my Floatzels um..can’t get um..human emotions I mean..(all burst into laughter,cheers for DR JACKAL,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Johnson(irritated) : “yeah so now go and ask Tantrum if you can restart your training career with him rhymes saw(all laugh a lot)..” Teacher : “um..no don’t say that I have a family(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for SCARFTY,all laugh even more)..” Finny(frown) : “Terry why Cammie has quit the practice for weeks now(all laugh a lot)” Terry(sarcasm) : “yeah for someone that can’t know who his..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Johnson(sternly) : “hey either you settle it outside else you’ll be suspended exactly like Cammie(all laugh)..he phoned me and Mr Stois abruptly saying I won’t be available next month then added personally then asked anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..) we asked him what is this said this break may also extend categorically not possibly(all uncontrollably laugh,..) then just cut off saying thanks(all laugh a lot,Stash,Seth,Goran and Gary uncontrollably laugh in tears laughing) surely the effect of too many facepalms(all laugh a lot)..anyway Terry pokemons apart why did you suddenly try to get up to his face you know he’s forsaken even by the sewage gurdians’ very own cress(all laugh,.s into laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing,Seth and Mehadi laugh a lot)..” Terry(bit irritated) : “um..no Sir he’s a very genuine guy far better than all present here as your students(all laugh)..no don’t bother me included(all laugh a lot)..” Gilmour(angry) : “whatever Sir now how can you say these Floatzels won’t try to show us how to..(all laugh)..” Terry(scoff) : “hence you should allow an individual to be a Mewtwo(all laugh a lot)..” Finny(angry) : “saw Sir saw(all  uncontrollably laugh)..” Johnson(sternly) : “either you brats ALL AT A TIME WITH FLOATZELS GET IN WATER ELSE..(all laugh)” Teacher(bit worried) : “um..Johnson..um..do I also have to fire um..(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for WATERFIRE,Lillie,Seth,Goran,Poppy,Gary and Mehadi uncontrollably laugh)” Mildred(suddenly coming out of of hideout who was recording the recording is going off,very happy,laughing a lot) : “YAY HOMBRES bettered you PHILOSOPHICALLY(all burst into laughter,Seth and Mehadi uncontrollably laugh)” ..so(all laugh a lot),this part somehow ends(all laugh)..man what a life that was in idealism but um..Doctor Slate Embie surely is independent don’t you of all agree(all laugh,Brock says,ironically,all laugh a lot)..anyway I’ve no idea why someone like Dr Serena Toganne of all people be obsessed with these for 4 damn years(all laugh) anyway then it restarts(all laugh a lot)..
..(later Giselle’s home..Giselle’s mom Alberta and dad Darius,both aren’t pokemon trainers,Darius is a business chain owner,Alberta is a financial manager at a large bank,recorders are on one in dining room one at Giselle’s room..)
Alberta(bit irritated) : “honey dinner’s ready enough with your private discussions(all laugh)..” Giselle(shout) : “um..no mom it’s ok why don’t you and dad also come here with the meals(all burst into laughter,Stash and Seth cheer for CHOICED BRATS,all laugh even more,cheers for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY Facepalm,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Alberta(taken aback) : “Gissie what are you(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(shout,irritated) : “Ah please dad tell mom to be patient the more one sweats the more one can digest no matter the quality of food(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for THE TAUROSIAN HUNGER,all laugh even more)” Darius(frown) : “no honey I’m seeing what’s going on(all laugh)..” (Darius goes to Giselle’s room where the record of their conversation was playing with only Tantrum’s words,she was cleaning her washroom) Darius(frown) : “Gissie whose instructing you to clean your washroom at 20:00 at night so elaborately(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(bit worried) : “um..no dad I just..um..thought..um..(all laugh)..but you could’ve um..knocked before..um..(all burst into laughter)..” Darius(frown,taking the record and listening to it a bit) : “I see TOO MUCH BONHOMIE(all laugh) but my question is not on him but on you that is I understand his shrewdness(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for was a bit shrew thus only could say saw honey how I Drew but if here too simultaneously I won’t be able to resist the post order pollution affecting you sweetie thus won’t you now spew hum sweetie hum,all uncontrollably laugh laugh,tears,Stash cheers for EDUCATION,all laugh even more) but why do you claim yourself to be an intellectual is what escapes me obviously not your fish that is the admirer of the speaker(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(bit irritated) : “well to him as the speaker would say as it’s never universal how much should that boil due to individual tastes gender thus too is never enough a satisfying dish hence only it’s a futility to try to remove and not be bother about the affliction of being Miss(all burst into laughter,cheers for TYRAniTAR,all uncontrollably laugh)” Darius(frown) : “I see the language too has been targeted(all laugh)..and i'm sure thus the speaker isn't Lastly Phantom sadly much more disappointing to me than you if only Ash didn't mingle(all burst..,Stash,Seth,Gary and Goran un..) as i wish we could inculcate that language in you from birth if that was to be made possible(all un..)..anyway,so what does he do for a living not the speaker(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(bit happier) : “um..thanks dad(all burst into laughter)..well he will be motivated to answer it as the art of incremental saving(all burst into laughter)” Alberta(stern) : “yeah I’ll see how he doesn’t run into a non-profitable asset with this one(all burst into laughter) and Dari why are you encouraging her..(all laugh)” Darius(laugh) : “well I guess given the influence HIS answer will have to be challenge is only when there’s a definite bar(all burst into laughter,cheers for THAT MADDENING TUNE,all laugh a lot)” Alberta(sternly) : “hmm..I see COUNTERING(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(giggling) : “um..mom please it’s a holiday for you today why don’t you..(all laugh a lot)..” Alberta(scoff) : “hmm..he enters families ETHICALLY too I see(all burst into laughter,cheers for SCRAFTY,all laugh even more)..” Darius(laugh) : “well you know Bertie this all reminds me only of Tantrum that unforgettable headline the outlaw of due honesty(all uncontrollably laugh,Stash cheers for A QUESTION OF ETHICAL MORALITY,all laugh even more)”
Alberta(frown) : "Dari among them only one is a subject to be afraid of ok don't joke around(all un..)"
Darius(laughing..lot) : "well i was thinking of it only(all burst..)"
Alberta(shocked) : “MY GOD!Gissie please tell me it’s not true that Lastly it's a Ghastly Phantom..(all un..,..DAISYDEVIL)..” Giselle(very excited and happy) : “it is mom mentally(all un..) but no matter what he may feel about me or the viseversa he will enter our home only after I perfect in his words the art really differentiating bro and beau rhymes saw(all burst into laughter,Seth cheers for KALOS CACOPHONY,all laugh even more)” Alberta(shout) : “SHUT UP YOU SCOUNDREL(all laugh)..and you I tell you if I hear any rhymes from today itself I’ll..(all laugh)..” Darius(laugh) : “start to show you the scribes inspired by that state-of-art in a never ending highlight reel(all burst into laughter)..” Alberta(extremely angry) : “you..(all laugh a lot)” Darius(laugh,  Alberta) : “no please sweetie calm down couldn’t desist please calm down(all laugh) but Gissie I guess to him this sort of a family is(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(laughing a lot) : “straight out of the annals written around forsaken Marengo trees(all burst into laughter,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,all laugh even more)” Alberta(very angry,shout) : “SHUT UP YOU TWO!(all laugh) and no I know very well that my behaviour isn’t prescribed by any sewage worker Mimikyu(laughs,Darius and Giselle bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..man what sort of a brat does these sort of things(all laugh)..um..no hold on(laughing a lot,Darius and Giselle bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..to whom it’s just that art which always STINGS(all of them bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,all laugh even more)..”
Giselle(laughing a lot) : "well i met Randy only and his very presence told that exactly that no matter what if it's questionable it's THE MOST ENSUING..intellectually though(all un..,..MASTER BRATS)..(excited)..Ei Ash are you noteworthy#.."
Ash=Lastly Phantom=Caster Hat(heard) : "note note note note point worthy/then Ash Ash look you now Phantom to energy.."
Giselle(too happy) : "saw mom,dad why i said this being result of then's isn't new#..Passage Cue,#,.."
..so(all laugh)..no man it was something the Bosangria chapter(all laugh a lot)..uncle and aunty you know always listens to this still after so many years(all laugh) they were 45 now 73(all laugh)..anyway then it restarts and man Mel was no different to her sons hearing these neither was Johnny lad nor was Mehu flower as usual(all laugh)..anyway so here’s the next segment(all laugh)..
..(Cameron’s home,Cameron’s nature has become very subdued and calm abruptly from being very boisterous and lively,only goes to his school and all no other activities and if someone confronts him or tries to apprise him says I’m doing what I’m supposed to but always finishes his words with a thanks,all are a bit concerned,his parents same day when Giselle’s home was described,Cameron’s parents Rodrick is joint-CEO of where Cameron’s mother Joan is also the joint-CEO of Nitolsil-Flactirat Irc.,an extremely profitable company,night 23:00,Cameron’s room)..Stash..
Rodrick(knocking) : “Cammie..(phone rings,Cameron)..what the..” Cameron(solemn,in phone) : “in washroom thanks(all burst into laughter,Goran,Stash,Seth and Lillie uncontrollably laugh,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Joan(sternly) : “MY HOME DOESN’T HAVE ANY NO MATTER THE TELECOMMUNICATIONS RIGHT NEXT TO THE ENTRANCE(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(cutting off,opening the door) : “yeah if it was him would’ve added hence will always be vulnerable to robbers all non-reputed banks for the rhymes mom indeed many thanks(all burst into laughter)” Rodrick(frown) : “Cammie what is wrong with you(all laugh)” Cameron(shrug) : “nothing dad just the fact that with a broken twist it’s irrelevant however tight be the screw(all burst into laughter) “ Joan(extremely angry,shout) : “YOU SCOUNDERLL HOW DARE YOU..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Cameron(thoughtful) : “um..forgive me mom but to him this anger is just the reflection of your self in negation that my words aren’t definitely upto the mark of liking developed by you hence your reflections reflected spontaneously ignited by my reflections the amount of ignition signifies your feeling according to the process of my reflected metaphor reflecting to your cognition as a term lexicography defines as cue(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for REFLECTION MASTERY,all laugh even more)” Joan(slapping Cameron,extremely angry,shout) : “you SCOUNDRELL..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Rodrick(controlling Joan) : “it’s ok Jonnie calm down I’m seeing him” Cameron(thoughtful) : “no it’s ok dad technology dictates stronger becomes the house if thicker are the beams(all burst into laughter)” Rodrick(frown) : “moisture being precious in barren winter denser would become the creams(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Seth and Mehadi uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter)” Cameron(smile) : “unless due honesty is there aweful it ever seems(all laugh a lot)” Rodrick(laugh) : “all hail Randy Tantrum for propounding these horrendous linguistic themes(all laugh a lot)..” Joan(laugh,  and tendering Cameron) : “no we’re not saying anything again honey grass grows the most happily only beside the steady-flowing streams(all burst into laughter,Goran and Seth cheers for OH NOW LOOK MY STEADY OAK!OH YOU NOW MY TEDDY OAK!,all laugh even more,Lillie uncontrollably laughs  ary,Gary shakes his head laughing)” ..(Mildred with her friends in Throwing sports)..
Friend : “hey Millie wanna go to that movie..” Mildred(solemn) : “the movement specifies the march of time no matter the contents thus it’s always going to stop after a temporal line because at the beginning it’s said like life this is called shine thus not itself the Ruby/hence only causation is what makes it so groovy(all burst into laughter)” Friend(frown) : “hmm..how many flower bouquets(all burst into laughter,Lillie,Mehadi and Seth uncontrollably laugh)” Mildred(excited) : “if I tell him you’re my hero/he’ll reply thus you’re always burdened to make yourself zero(all burst into laughter)/if I tell him you’re my friend/his reply will always be thus you I either always or never can rend(all burst into laughter)/if I say you’re my dear sweet bro/his reply will ever be thus I’ll be different to you from mind to head to toe(all burst into laughter)/if I say you’re my compeer cause you’re only me/his reply will always be thus me being you will revolt against this very plural sanity(all burst into laughter)” Friends(all a bit scared) : “Millie um..please be careful with addicts you know..(all burst into laughter)” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “well if it was him in your place would’ve told me what’s the most important in shooting a flying CROW(all burst into laughter,Lillie and Gary uncontrollably laugh)” Friend(frown) : “I guess from our group this language will have to be given a throw(all laugh)” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “if it was him would’ve said the measurement of the distance is is possible only towards the back row(all burst into laughter)” ...(later in the teacher’s room after a few weeks with these sort of problems,the Dean’s and few other teacher’s children also study)..
Teacher(to the Dean) : “no Sir they’ve become subservient it’s Randy whose in charge(all laugh)..” Dean(very angry) : “yeah enough Mr Lofsol I’ve heard enough of him at home(all laugh a lot) by son says 4 brats named Terrence,Mildred,Cameron and Giselle are the ones whose extolling the virtues of that that..(all laugh a lot)” Teacher : “caveat(all burst into laughter)..sorry Sir but unless we invite the brat ourselves nothing will be resolved as the police is totally shelved(all laugh)” Dean(angry) : “hey don’t rhyme ok(all burst into laughter)..” Teacher : “um..can’t reply fine either then(all burst into laughter)” Dean(angry) : “yeah subversion I can see here myself(all laugh)..fare enough I’m moving to 11 city JUSTICE(all laugh shaking their heads,Stash cheers for HONESTY IN DUE ETHICS,all burst into laughter)..” ..(few days later,Police with the head judge of 11 city tribunal at Tantrum’s place mid-day)..
Police : “Mr Tantrum sorry to..”
Tantrum(just having finished eating at the worker’s place) : “move it only a figure of speech indeed indeed that it rhymes AH Jimmy!..sshh..CLASSIC!(all burst into laughter)”
Judge(frown) : “Mr St..”
Tantrum : “I wonder who makes the code for the behavioural law(all laugh shaking their heads)” Judge(sternly) : “you scoundrel do you know what happens to you when you force the judges to come out of their courts(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “for me it’s a shot on the heart and that’s it for the pain no matter my state of non-psychophysical vision cause the reality is so so far situated to go grab and gain but for you it’s the temple of butter bread is the fort(all laugh shaking their heads)/anger comes from excitement as does the viseversa or the feeling of the absence of them all that this I can can’t or don’t know how to court(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Judge(extremely angry) : “oh yeah I’ll see you all give him the treatment..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum : “you all are paid a sum  with a rule of timely increment(all burst into laughter)..” Police(pleading with the Judge) : “Sir please we..(all burst into laughter)” Judge(frown) : “hmm..I see indeed a criminal mastermind WITH-IN all due morality(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “well crime is thing that is so cause it’s not relatively good/the trouble with the ones indulging is that they forget their bodies still will evacuate the best of food(all burst into laughter)/if they are mentally so cause they feel this strange joy/it’s only their forgetfulness of the child who will break off his favourite toy(all laugh a lot)/cause all he wants is to say please show me who are thee/cause no matter what I try I just can’t be me(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,all laugh even more)” Judge(frown) : “hmm..says the law extolling the virtues of ETHICAL MORALITY(all burst into laughter)..bravo Mr Tantrum bravo(all laugh)..surely you’re having fun with innocent little kids like the judges aren’t you(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “objection Sir you mean telling them for me it’s so hard to understand whose indeed whose beau(all burst into laughter)” Judge(angry) : “I see why the Police is so petrified by you(all laugh)..and no don’t bother as would’ve never been any sewage workers’ association rejected MENTAL Mimikyu(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “well I wish I could be like you Sir rhyming yet staying in line with the LAW(all laugh)..” Judge(frown) : “I see a counter to make me confess my longing for a PAW(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “it’s strange indeed why the same body is able to break the same jaw(all laugh a lot)” Judge(frown) : “henceforth the difference the great harrowing noose turns into a feast of joy becoming a golden goose(all burst into laughter)/thus lace up your mind putting them them even if forcefully into this hard fitting yet soft being the real two shoes/thus between the duality will reside you no matter cheers or boos(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for THE JUDGEMENT,all laugh even more)..this all is all that’s here may seem to be a bit RAW/hence is the excitement all the more if you could say the rhymes yeah that I SAW(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “thus if you and me is no more senile l..d.. the only possibility is ever a draw(all laugh shaking their heads,.s a lot shaking his head)” Judge(frown) : “hmm..even the namecalls counter themselves that too I did saw(all burst into laughter)..Mr Abangtol is there any law preventing us to kill him hiding the evidences right now(all laugh)..” Mr Abangtol(grim) : “the only existent in the worst imagined criminal Sir where goes the arrow cause hey I toiled so hard to turn this into a great bow(all burst into laughter)” Judge(frown) : “hmm..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,all laugh even more)..Randy I warn you either you’re becoming as you yourself vowed to be a pokemon whatever(all laugh a lot) else I’ll force you into the headship of world court of justice(all laugh)” Tantrum : “strange is the idea of another cause being so only due to me yet this idea itself doesn’t go hence we’ll hereby practice(all burst into laughter)” Judge(frown) : “what’s the textbook term of this psychic game Tantrum(all burst into laughter,Seth cheers for TRACE I WARN YOU,Tracey uncontrollably laughs)” Tantrum : “I’m here now on the top of this hill/to be here I had to pay myself ME,the existential bill(all laugh)/thus even though right now I’m consciously not ill/because I think so disease I can never kill(all laugh)” Judge(frown) : “hmm..honesty mixed is dishonesty originating from honesty only thus as a whole it becomes dishonest cause I myself can’t reach the goal(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “thus these pieces of food the residues along the top of this bowl/if is to be collected properly there must be an end the start isn’t important cause it’s just a roll(all laugh a lot)..” Judge(frown) : “hmm..thus in reality I’m the shrewdest boy-scout looking for a mate of my soul(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for SHREW THE DREW HENCE SPEW,all laugh even more)” Tantrum : “who if is different to me,me infidelity professionally will always have to personally mole(all burst into laughter,cheers for PERSONALLY IMPERSONAL MOLING,all laugh even more,Lillie uncontrollably laughs,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Some female police(taken aback) : “hey don’t curse my husband..(all burst into laughter,.controllably laughs)..” Tantrum : “physique is a self-designed command ‘mam hence you’re beyond that as is he thus there’s no dual demand(all laugh shaking their heads,Stash says,yeah why not Mr Skechit why not,Tracey laughs saying,thankfully never tried to intentionally make my toilets messy rhyming,all burst into laughter)” A male Police(bit sternly) : “Tantrum don’t try to take away my sweet little son(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “he may himself do that Sir or not or the viseversa of just be embroiled in an intentional unintentional or undefinable knot but it has always intrigued me about parents when you decide to facilitate someone wanting to come is there anything as desire,dependency,obligation,manipulation,ownership,duty,emotion or anything else but pure joy cause of purest love that is the bedrock of the call MOM(all laugh)..” Mr Abangtol(with a bit of despair) : “this is the exact reason why we can’t do anything with him Sir(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Judge(frown) : “pure love is inexistent as existence as we know Mr Abangtol thus on it he can infinitely mar(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!,all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “as would say thus any experienced b..s.. or skillful g..f.. won’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)” Judge(frown) : “thus it’s only only your idea of you in negation that hence only you have to erase it..this logical game of the eternal Jubilee existent Hands-On(all laugh a lot) would make any Charlie no matter how cunning Lastly fall in this conscious Ghastly Doldrum(all laugh a lot) that existence tastes like Strawberry Ah consciousness peeps not Vanilla thus Oh No SHUT UP YOU’RE Free sh.. duality..Facepalm(all burst into laughter,Lillie uncontrollably laugh in tears laughing,Stash,Seth and Gary uncontrollably laugh)..thus is bliss in the middle indeed for any being even if PHANTOM(all laugh a lot)/hence I’m going without the burden to know where A RANDOM TRYRANTUM(all burst into laughter,Violet cheers for PLAYBOY UNCURTAINED,all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,Brock cheers for,thus the judge said,HEY KETCHUM LET US PLAY,all laugh even more)..” Tantrum : “hence in joy,neutrality or sorrow I will be indifferentiable cause neither is more than illusion thus forever dearest stranger random(all laugh a lot)” Judge(laugh) : “thus compeers there’s no way but to make yourselves now disarm(all burst into laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,all laugh even more)..anyway Mr Abangtol you all may leave and please get us into a private cell here I have much to discuss with Mr Tantrum(all laugh)..” (after set-up) Judge(smile) : “and the whole point of this circus is all because they don’t allow you to enter profession without certain formalities despite you proving each time your position in the reality I guess” Tantrum : “it’s hard to define causality sir unless you’re conscious of existence(all laugh a lot)..” Judge(laugh) : “man randomness surely suits your name Mr Tantrum” Tantrum : “well I guess your name due to the expertise in the process I explained should be Mr Gyre Cauldron(all burst into laughter)” Judge(laughing a lot) : “well my sweet little Terry doll calls me grandpa..” Tantrum : “correction change the form a legal AMAURA(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)” Judge(smile) : “I wish he could Randy doesn’t have any except me..” Tantrum : “won’t be able to count the number of dates if gives up the idea of being he(all laugh a lot)..” Judge(laughing a lot) : “what if he has a crush on thee(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “psychophysicality is all hollow Sir you know personally don’t mind that thus it’s none but me(all laugh)” Judge(smile) : “well I was much intrigued you know son hence came but please you’re a mere kid still of the real sludges be careful(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “thanks for the guidance Sir..my way is to be of me always ever fearful(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for SPIRITOMB,all laugh even more)” Judge(laughing a lot) : “man you’ll be a gem anywhere(all laugh)” Tantrum : “thus sadly will have to remain perceptive of somewhere(all burst into laughter,cheers for MEGA RESHIRAM,all laugh even more)” Judge(smile) : “well you know Terry is too nice a boy too jubilant too simple..” Tantrum : “hard is this mind Sir no matter care or neglect never desists from showing another the unbearable pimple(all burst into laughter)” Judge(smile) : “well with care the troubles are more abstract hence atleast in or from this world the practitioner remains relatively detached” Tantrum : “something better than this is indeed why we’re so attached(all laugh,cheers for DR JACKAL,Daisy bursts into laughter,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Judge(laugh) : “well I heard from the devil himself that he injured you badly(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “strange is technology sir transacting the same way unbeknown to itself how only abstraction hits the mind body reacting only cause with it it’s bind that how could being me I be associated with this so sadly/thus I’ll be myself thus I’ll erase it with all my power not surprising Sir when your child told own spouse I cherish you so madly(all burst into laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY UNCHARTED,..)..” Judge(laughing a lot) : “well me included(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “it’s strange thus Sir in seclusion how one can ever feel excluded(all burst into laughter)” Judge(smile) : “surely you’re not feeling so are you Randy(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “appreciation comes from negation of being Sir for nothing else but the reality served here by means of a cheap candy(all burst into laughter)” Judge(laughing a lot) : “well at this rate you might be in serious trouble to be in this duality(all laugh)” Tantrum : “thus I have to be persistent Sir no matter me in perceiving REALITY(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Judge(smile) : “well if Terry is intelligent enough will realize he has a bro for eternity” Tantrum : “thus comes only in a special form of PHYSIQUE signifying a calamitous VARIETY(all burst into laughter)” Judge(laughing) : “well it’s only inferable that you have many in one as part of your REVOLUTION against sanity(all laugh)” Tantrum : “hence there’s always this strange idea Sir there’s so many differently similar can there be a non-psychophysical parity(all laugh a lot)” Judge(smile) : “well Jubilee surely has told you how to discern this one(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “Hands-On is what was shown Sir never try to be the absolute one(all laugh)” Judge(laugh) : “I wonder why you may need headless vulgar menaces(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “these are the constituents of just the alphabet Sir never enough to describe the whole ocean plying behind the viewes of college bullies sitting at Lybostrafos University terraces(all burst into laughter)” Judge(laughing a lot) : “indeed it’s a crime against humanity to grow up with utter brats in their very own palaces(all laugh)” Tantrum : “thus you have to learn atleast the brathood of the art Sir from the infinite mastery of the mind which reality never harasses(all burst into laughter,cheers for MASTER BRAT,all laugh even more)” Judge(laughing a lot) : “tomorrow’s headline absolute the ethical creature through the honest ranks of the moral public palaces(all burst into laughter)..way to go son way to go(laughing a lot)..(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “this only serves as a conscious horn/that oh my dear existence despite you and me I’m so torn/thus it’s better to be no more different in gross a farmer farms after knowing for any season there will always be one but for one particular which is the very best corn(all laugh a lot)” Judge(laughing) : “well I thought you are the one who teaches people to appreciate the farmers(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “food for the body in need is ever the toast/attachment to duality thus one has to roast(all laugh a lot)/infinite is the ocean real but thus isn’t transfinite the illusive coast(all laugh)/the dual birth is just the fight for the shoreline non-existent thus as perceived is the most(all laugh a lot)/test of validity comes from expectation as the viseversa hence action and urge exchanges this beautiful post(all laugh a lot)/that between duality and reality exists the real real YES WE FOUND IT so let’s boast/thus then attempt comes out of blue actually with discernment as the host(all laugh)/thus is indeed going to fail in the pursuit of the real tickling what tickles as another even if no more tickling itself being another is a hindrance never faces the real ghost(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,all laugh even more)” Judge(laughing) : “well after this I don’t believe I should stay here for certain invisible concerns(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “it’s ok Sir they will still never get HUMAN EMOTIONS(all burst into laughter,cheers for DR JACKAL,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Judge(smile) : “well Linnie would’ve been too happy to spend the rest of her professional life listening to these..” Tantrum : “I can discern it properly to examine it for you further which I wouldn’t have been bothered unless you honourably mentioned the name with EMOTION(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..which isn’t discernible by me cause I refuse to impute psychophysical statuses on mental SANITY(all burst into laughter)..don’t worry you can yourself but you have to help others as well same as me we don’t ask for a charge it’s ever a donation by the others who feel we share their same PHYSICALITY(all burst into laughter)..” Judge(laughing a lot) : “well her son’s grandma should’ve consulted you on my motives after the first time I met her 43 long years back(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “only the magician knows where goes the thing put in the magical SACK(all burst into laughter)..anyway my respects to grandma and aunty and soulmate of her but to her dad just thanks for giving me the opportunity Sir to describe to you in the best of my capacity without the dual bar/the hymns depicting the ever-present thus NON-DUAL MALAMAR(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Stash cheers for Who thus is Lillie Waterflower rhymes saw,all laugh even more)..
training Sir comes with a few sacrifices not existent out of own view in thirst never lingering with it if the brightness is turned on enough any duality will cease/it’s satisfying only where it stops to dually tease/it’s a misfortune for the forerunner if decides to change into his/or may be stay as her doesn’t matter in reality the temporal cycles turns faster thus you think comes again and again the same flower with the same bees(all laugh shaking their heads)/conservation of duality thus declares itself indeed hence charges the innocent mind real these absolute unintentional but cruelly hefty fees(all laugh shaking their heads)/there’s nothing as a thing we all know thus the appearance is only upon me real just a cheap grease(all laugh shaking their heads)/knowing all thus there’s no loss or gain no matter what duality takes away as the LEASE(all laugh shaking their their heads)”
Judge(smile) : “thanks Stash for this one out of protocol” Tantrum : “I’m sure there’s a limit for every individual alone in driving how much should be the SAFE amount dually consumed which is deemed ALCOHOL(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Judge(laugh) : “yeah this is tickle mastery indeed Tantrum as says no matter how much you like it in play will have to clear off the next day if there’s a heavy snowfall(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum : “indeed Sir but in gross if there’s any leftover brats generational that’s troublesome not only you personally but your cognizable ones professionally you must’ve by now inferred where they might get a good help in their quest in the best possible deal for you in the quest of the ethereal HUM(all burst into laughter)” Judge(bursting into laughter) : “ALL HAIL THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY Facepalm(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for OH NOW YOU’RE MY BLISTER OAK!SO NOW WHY DICTIONARY SAYS DID YOU BECOME OH MY LISTER OAK!,all uncontrollably laugh,tears,Lillie uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter  ary,Gary shakes his head laughing)..”
.."
Gary(laugh) : “as you just saw how this heinous master brat has been playing a sickening insinuation game with me along with his most abhorrent elder and younger twin pros for 43 damn years(all laugh)”
Seth(laugh) : “rhyming with Simisear(all laugh..lot)..anyway then Senor restarts the next one of infinite(all laugh a lot) and yeah in-between threatened me that she has EACH FROM EACH BRAT(all burst into laughter)..I said why are you spoiling your career(all laugh),’SHUT UP!(all laugh) to THEM it’s just a matter of calculating arrears(all burst into laughter)’..anyway so it restarts(all laugh)..
(Mildred’s parents,mom Lana is a doctor and dad Pablo was a combat sports athlete now a businessman,Mildred is a girl who is too jubilant always but now has become too much ever-happy and always irritates everyone with rhymes and always refers to Tantrum anonymously,this was going on for a few weeks but a big trouble broke out as she and Terrence were involved in an accident regarding pokemons as they tried to connect to them too deeper,they tried to do this at night sneaking past all and Mildred was found unconscious in the morning while Terrence wasn’t unconscious but behaved erratically and had injured Mildred with a hard object,this was two night after the judge Mr Wolfgang Bistorter met Tantrum,hospital)
Lana(worried,beside Mildred) : “sweetie how are you feeling now dear” Mildred(laugh) : “well to him it will mean unless you want to be alive how can you ever say death is near(all burst into laughter)..” Lana(very worried) : “Millie..”
Mildred(laughing a lot) : “well to him this call will translate as covering the roof of elusive generalization with the illusion of specific tiles(all burst into laughter,cheers for STRAWBERRY Facepalm,all laugh even more,Gary shakes his head laughing)..and..then..when I approached Terry he..(bursting into laughter,has convulsions)..he said shut up you b.. if I marry me to him it’s the ideology that will force me to ever carry him..(bursting into laughter,has seizures,too excited trying to throw her arms and legs)..but..but to him actually it’s a matter of a vagabond’s living condition betterment department defaulting officer Rockruff’s philosophical daydream..(all burst into laughter)..”
Lana(hurried) : “put her out still..”
Mildred(laughing a lot erratic behaviour) : “shut up you b.. to him it only means it’s ironical how can the goal alone gives it’s path that honest seal..(Mildred is dozed off)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)”
..(later,Lana and Pablo,recorder with Lana,she forgot to turn it off)..
Pablo(angry) : “how’s Millie”
Lana(concerned) : “no will be fine just too much excitement..” Pablo(angry) : “I’m moving to municipality to get rid of that b..(all laugh)..” Lana(grim) : “well he was found once more to an angel as I heard by the 11 city judge and that’s Mr Wolfgang mind you Millie said ate him up as easily as a custard(all laugh)” Pablo(very angry) : “Lana please it rhymes..oh sh..(all burst into laughter,Seth cheers for Charlie Doldrum,all laugh even more)” Lana(sarcasm) : “exactly why said it deliberately now just find another city ABRUPTLY..(goes away)..(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(very angry) : “yeah I’ll see how he surpasses a gang of HUMAN Hitmon..damn it(all burst into laughter,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)” ...(later Mr Wolfgang with Giselle and Cameron with Terrence at hospital,Terrence has come out of his induced state but still feeling very dizzy..) Wolfgang(mild) : “Terry?..”
Terrence(bit agitated) : “Ah please grandpa to him it shold’ve rhymed with Clefairy(all laugh)..” Cameron(bit irritated) : “absolutely not you b.. it would’ve meant unless one feels depression is a repetitive phenomena why the around are more than one that sell the dejected too much merry(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(scoff) : “hallow..I hope you’re mentally stable still to remember how to talk in front of your elders no matter the supplementaries with your meal(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(scoff) : “yeah only cause of those a b.. anyway(all laugh a lot)..” Terrence(bit angry) : “hey don’t..(all laugh)” Giselle(frown,patting Terrence) : “no it’s ok dear..um..I mean don’t strain your ear(all burst into laughter,Seth uncontrollably laughs)..(giggle)..ei relation if is/habitant laps only through me's#..Choiced Brats,#,..” Wolfgang(bit concerned) : “yeah I understand everything I work PEER-to-PEER(all laugh a lot)..but it’s ok don’t bother Terry take rest it’s ok and Giselle you stay with him you need it(all laugh) let’s go Cameron I’ve a few in my chest both as metaphors can be linguistically termed as things(all laugh a lot)..(Wolfgang and Cameron goes to privacy)..” Cameron(bit excited,while going) : “exactly grandpa as he would’ve said if an outlet is there there’s a possibility of inaction without any other possible directions never existent thus even in the missed thus the word rings(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(coming to privacy) : “I see if it was him in their place the brats would’ve scuffled to follow THOSE MADDENING SINGS(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(bit angry) : “that’s all that I’ve also been trying my hardest Sir as he said to remain submerged in the real no matter how much the duality rings(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “you yourself admitted my dear son that thus you have to act hence failed to live up to him the self mortifying BEING(all laugh a lot)..see son,I being in my post have met him sometimes before and has verified the things that came through newses as you must’ve gone through them too many times now(all laugh)..” Cameron(bit ashamed) : “um..sorry but it’s so irresistible grandpa to ask you as would’ve he if signing comes naturally the lyrics not helping to generalize it rather stagnating is an idea specifically false is possible why and how(all laugh a lot,cheers for STRAWBERRY Facepalm,all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “well I’ve heard it a few times too son that is professionally the personal answer is in professionalism personification is the professional hallucination of the person in his delusion as a professional to which as a person if one tries to bow(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Cameron(very excited) : “YES..so if one is professional there the illusion of a person dissolves itself in professionalism which thus as a person can never reach his self defined personal definition of professionalism inexistent thus in the end the pure personality remains which is describable only through purest professionalism thus one has to be professional to give up the idea of a person who can only be described professionally(all burst into laughter)..(bit surprized himself)..um..wait that would mean you can’t progress at all(all burst into laughter,cheers for NO PROGRESS IF BORN,all laugh even more)..um..what the hell am I saying(all laugh a lot,cheers for CHARLIE DOLDRUM,all laugh even more)” Wolfgang(frown) : “that there’s no happiness thus if one is born thus it’s better no not be so thus personally a being is always itself professionally torn(all laugh a lot,cheers for CELEBIGALEOREM,all laugh even more)..no it’s extremely dangerous to practice these son never try them unless your’re them(all laugh a lot)..to this though they’ll always say you can be so cause you only due to me claim(all laugh)” Cameron(bit surprized) : “but then I’m already you cause I you create only to get me in negation..(frown)..hang on a second thus never will end this professionally personal game(all burst into laughter,cheers for PALKIAFREE,all laugh even more)..(shocked)..Oh my God what have I..(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for THE VULTURE,all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,Violet cheers for VULTURE UNCHARTED,all laugh even more,Seth and Mehadi are in convulsions laughing)” Wolfgang(laugh) : “it’s ok calm down son they still claim themselves to be humans(all burst into laughter,Tracey uncontrollably laughs)” Cameron(very concerned) : “um..no grandpa no not that just a shock(all laugh a lot) I guess why Terry and that disturbing element(all laugh) failed is cause you somehow have to keep this chain running till eternity despite giving them a hallucination of non-infinity(all laugh)..(shocked)..Oh no!then..then it means like in the psychic channels you’ve got to mercilessly mortify yourself not asking what is what which is..is what he said giving up the real thus elusive sanity(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well I don’t know anything about pokemons son but in HUMAN form(all laugh) it means mortify yourself till the dual hindrance itself realizes that it’s not existent without him cause between definition and the undefined is he going beyond everything that’s dual in his words though just out of this sanity that no matter where you are you’re trying to act upon duality thus unless one stops the idea of birth as a being with the idea itself there’s no peace no matter heaven,earth or hell(all burst into laughter,cheers for MADGALEO,all laugh even more)” Cameron(very concerned) : “um..still Sir humans can atleast get it but an utmost brat like Vespiquen as Terry said(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(bit worried) : “well that’s my worry dear for all four of you..Terry is too exited you know it must be Mildred who encouraged him more I met her a few times never Giselle personally before(all laugh)..but you and she are far more calm Mildred is even more desperate than Terry hence I guess(all laugh)..” Cameron(frown) : “yeah I think that vicious beating I understand grandpa how those brats mercilessly jumped poor um..element(all laugh a lot)..but um..they can’t hallucinate still and why would..yeah(scowl)..I understand now what happens if one tries to foist these abstruse philosophical stuffs in psychic channels as he would’ve said that they get as it’s heard this word – WOKEN(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for WOKEN,all laugh even more)..no wonder the brats follow a brat like that(all laugh) but um it’s strange uncle cause if just a novice like me can get it Mr Jerry Jenkins of all people..(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well you surely know of the Hakamo-O don’t you son(all laugh)..” Cameron(frown) : “um..yeah I do all does(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “I had to take up that case Mr Lance Lansburg hall of fame came you must know him is an once ever name in rhymes too(all laugh)..he came and just as with Professor Oak said their master knows the biggest problem with our rules that you can’t hinder a human to practice for his betterment that doesn’t do any harm rather more good than he himself(all laugh a lot) so what to speak of a pokemon(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “um..yeah I guess but I recall like all said those 5 Randy,Ghastly,Charlie,Strawberry and the most sinister one their teacher Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh) surely that so and so knows too much about medicines(all laugh)..I will meet Randy once more it was our mistake you know to get too happy and not to meet him again cause his words were the same just repeated them infinitely many times(all laugh)..oh and yeah I heard your conversation with him too(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(laughing a lot) : “well that little pest has turned all of your heads for sure just as my peers and their opponents themselves(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(bit discomforted) : “um..no grandpa it was like as he said he just felt like..(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(smile) : “more than own self for eternity(all smile,Seth cheers for CherruvueminIAN LIFE,all laugh shaking their heads)..that’s why I couldn’t take any actions son you must’ve heard the full I assume from your bonhomie with Terry despite another not of your gender..(laughs,Cameron blushes)..(all laugh)..and it’s same with your disturbance and his friend at arms now(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(bit irritated) : “um..no grandpa it’s just infatuation you’ll see..um..sorry(blushes hard)..(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well I can’t son cause there’ll be no better a solution than the one devised in your bro’s dense head you’ll see too surely(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(smile) : “um..no Terry is as sweet a boy as Randy should’ve been in ideal life(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for TYRAniTAR,all laugh shaking their heads) and no I ever considered him as my bro grandpa we 4 were like that rather out of our group none got us much(all laugh)..then suddenly Millie one day turned out to be anyway(all laugh)..nothing to do with Terry though just that element if..anyhow(all laugh) I would’ve myself been so happy if it was anyone but why would of all..anyway doesn’t matter now as he would’ve said just the present isn’t the arrow but the bow(all laugh a lot) but um..we should meet him more you know but I will go with Terry only this time don’t worry he’s completely different unless with anyway(all laugh)” Wolfgang(bit worried) : “um..well be careful son you know none can meet him anywhere except a few choiced sewage outlets where he works all alone in the gravest danger whole day cause to him that reminds him that he’s lone hence he can mortify himself all the more(all laugh a lot)..it is like that son as much as I got him exactly why he would need something to chew always(all laugh)..it’s just this absurd irresistible quest to drag everyone along with him is what makes him too sweet(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for THE MOST ENTHRALLING,all laugh even more)” Cameron(smile) : “um..yeah I get that bit but he scares people for sure(all laugh)” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well nowhere near what a certain professional that I met can(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Cameron(bit excited) : “um..how are they all Sir are they from like own family(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well you’re pushing me son cause in the record itself reminded me that the rules of conduct aren’t written by any alcoholic hillbilly(all laugh a lot) then still said not all by the ones who forgot the set limit for his daily(bursts into laughter,Cameron shakes his head laughing)..(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(laugh) : “um..well exactly this is why we never contacted him after the first meeting cause he as you know near seemed interested and I heard from his association itself that he is always like that when he goes to the dining section he is to be served a lots of foods and you understand what it means to his health(all laugh shaking their heads)..but if anyway the food it short tells them like,it’s a complicity of culture to deny the food to anyone brother if all were the same you wouldn’t have needed it but sadly that’s never going to be the case cause this idea of being to validate itself to be so needs to feed itself on the dual VULTURE..(both laugh a lot)..(all burst into laughter,Violet cheers for VULTURE UNLOADED,all laugh even more)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well I surely won’t try to cross him on these issues(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Cameron(laugh) : “and neither would Vespiquens I understand(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “no doubt(all laugh)..anyway son you’ve really opened a gateway which will take me some hours of reflection indeed to be able to work again not just profession(all laugh) cause it’s like if someone says yeah this is the proof of complicity,correction change the form you mean it wasn’t written that a few from one queue even in hurry can’t form another around the vicinity..(both laugh a lot)..(all burst into laughter)..so you see son I’m 65 now yet he has permanently left his indelible marks of brathood upon me(all laugh) and no the actual sludges has got nothing to do with him cause they’ve opined that there’s no need to logically prove ourselves again and again(all laugh) so he’s left completely free exactly his desire so that he can mortify himself all the more viciously(all laugh)..” Cameron(laugh) : “um..yeah as I’ve heard the records,the moment he thinks he himself or we get a bit happier horrendously swears us including himself too I guess(all laugh)” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well that’s the whole point of merciless piercing of the idea of himself as not being another(all laugh a lot)..anyway son it’s always nice to talk with young enthusiastic minds like you on which he will absolutely have some opinions of my reinvigorating and your interrogating thirst too(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot) but my only question is how did you meet him first(all laugh)..” Cameron(bit ashamed) : “um..well I drank too much one day lost my way went to () sewage outlet situated at () and someone came and infact saved my life that chilly night but well saving someone’s life to him as he said is like when you’re about to jump with your parachute from a broken plane unless I your co-passenger help you to put it on neglecting the official message it would mean that like them I also took an amount from you to tell you the direction of the washroom just cause it was situated at my home(all burst into laughter)..yeah it was how he described it like generosity is all about telling the person sitting in the few rows front that I was calling him from the the back all because he didn’t take a charge to get up from his seat as the person wasn’t looking at his direction(all burst into laughter) yeah any virtue infact is far more ruthlessly dealt with than physique which I guess is his number one enemy cause he’s not a pokemon(all laugh) and as these mental qualities are associated with humans are so abhorrent of them(all laugh) anyway so infact even there you know his personality all the same(all laugh) and I was just like in deliriums thus with his language cause I truly didn’t know where I was no matter the intoxication(all laugh) so I was really too shocked thinking with his dress and etc that indeed he was a demon(all laugh) anyway then next day the workers found me who lived a bit aside but they understood the situation cause now I understand why would he not call anyone or take me to his home or something but sandwich me up between two piles of rags(all laugh) to him it must be that if he did otherwise he would’ve failed to prove to himself that unless the idea of death confirms it’s existence how life can never rise(all burst into laughter)..and no you know of my family grandpa took away my pursue just a precaution I had quite an amount that night hence might’v been in trouble just disguised me as a vagabond(all laugh)..and no they said he made sure that I get as much comfort as possible the ones he put up on my face were they said been handiwork of Swalots to disinfect(all laugh a lot)..then I spoke with them there a few elder workers said his most absurd antics with them trying to like soak up their troubles in him then brutally mortify himself for them fortunately later his association said somehow reached a deal with him on which again they received some terrible opinions(all laugh) and no his goal of life seems to be like just to mortify himself abjectly each moment and not bother about anything except pokemons(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well it’s cause there’s rigorous proofs by Mr Charlie Doldrum that they are far higher than humans(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(laugh) : “well surely they’ll know the best if they have to live at a home with a Hakamo-O(all laugh)..anyway then I mt him a few nights after this and then really saw the sort of person he was(all laugh) then I was just too happy about it told Gissie about it while um..talking(all laugh)..so then she with Terry went there and no I told him that she may go there and also told him that she may go there with backups unlike Millie um..whatever who won’t(all laugh) and she did exactly that after Terry and Gissie was there then as you know his language apparently sweared Gissie just in two sentences most horrendously(all laugh) but what it actually was surely you know(all laugh) then Terry hit him and strangely said his recovery is impossibly quick then Gissie was too concerned cause Terry was hitting him badly so called the Police..um..(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “go on it’s ok the brat himself told me can’t keep anything in him exactly as you and Mildred(all laugh)..” Cameron(smile) : “um..sorry(all laugh) but no it just kinda surprized Gissie only(all laugh)..anyway then as you know Randy again irritated the police enough to drive them away(all laugh) then they went to () hospital the doctors were told to themselves see what his injuries were which meant they had to hit the spot again if need be he was hardly bothered to reciprocate(all laugh) and no you know Terry told me later so much talk with us but just after this first instructions told the doctors nothing except like if they asked are you feeling pain Randy,it’s improfessional to personally disturb professionals specializing in generalization of personal psychophysics,thanks(all burst into laughter,Gary shake his head laughing)..and kept repeating this doctors were irritated said we won’t treat you,it’s difficult to apologize to own self if it’s not your beau,thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..so then a few tried to kill him while the others vehemently opposed them(all laugh) so finally in all this he recovered even more quickly(all laugh) then just gave a few things did a few scans and all just said his mind has extremely little connection to his body thus even with a bad injury was barely bothered(all laugh) they were a bit surprized he understood it said a car runs on an engine compeers all the parts are available in the professional market/the mechanic only assembles all in his self created personal basket,thanks(all laugh shaking their heads) then they did what was needed but said like even without ribs he will hardly be bothered infact will be happier(all laugh) so Terry then said sat there ofcourse said something very cruel again to them also pointing me with them too there cause of what he inferred of their relationship and mine with them(all laugh) anyway Terry said a person with a broken rib could never like he did his walking Terry said as he came to that spot while he was hiding was exactly as a Gengar or Mimikyu would approach for a self retrospective evening stroll with the other(all laugh a lot) cause it was like he never wanted to walk cause he already knew what it is(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for PIDGEY LIFE,all laugh a lot) anyway then Terry said that it was all the same when he walked off from the hospital it never seemed he’s injured(all laugh) anyway then all these talks were recorded and as you know this is the new ones that came in market I had one which was turned on accidentally on my very first meeting with him that I haven’t shared with anyone yet except Terry(all laugh) so then they did the same and then the excited one went there after buying a suit for four times the fee to learn working from him there(all laugh a lot) totally upended her ideas hence hasn’t been really sane since then(all laugh) but thankfully didn’t disturb me since(all laugh) so yeah then none of our behaviour has been exactly the same it’s just like you know those rhymes just makes one like restless(all laugh) so yeah we have to calm down first(all laugh) but no when we’re alone those are as much depressing as they take us away from normal behaviour with people a plan I understand to counter everything imaginable(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING)..so yeah it’s end February now 2 months it’s been like we’re living somewhere that’s not quantifiable(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for mega-RESHIRAM,all shake their heads laughing)” Wolfgang(smile) : “well thanks son for sharing the full story and no it’s ok from my side atleast you all have consent and don’t worry even if I want I can’t do anything legally(all laugh) and no illegal will want to do anything with them no matter the stakes cause they know best what happens if he joins or doesn’t join them(all laugh)..and no no person in the world want to see pokemons trying to show how to lead life to humans except the obvious ones(all laugh) that lab truly has been forsaken you know as it is in the folks now thank God we don’t have a steady gym(all laugh)” Cameron(laugh) : “that’s for sure(all laugh)..” ..(meanwhile Terrence and Giselle)..
Terry(still in discomforted) : “Ah! Gis what was the need to tell grandpa..(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(frown) : “Shut up!(all laugh)..how does he know so much about that b.. hum..(all laugh)” Terry(bit angry) : “hey don’t always call my best friend..(all laugh)” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..no Terry please calm down please it’s just the heat of the moment(all laugh)..ok I know who poked whom and saw too(all laugh)..but just tell me surely it’s Cammie whose your best friend(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(irritated) : “no he’s my boyfriend(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(frown) : “I see COUNTERING(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)” Terry(dejected) : “no Gis please not today you know I still can’t believe how could I..” Giselle(bit concerned,patting Terry) : “please dear calm down it’s ok Millie is alright now as I last heard..” Terry(bit angry) : “what do you mean by last hum..(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for TRACE DON’T CROSS ME,all laugh a lot,Tracey laughs saying,thankfully isn’t present in my head your twin’s sweet little Ninjie,all laugh even more)..” Giselle(bit irritated) : “is better than last time fine?..(all laugh)” Terry(bit irritated) : “yeah surely you won’t like it just if I call Cammie a e.. all time(all laugh shaking their heads)” Giselle(frown) : “no I won’t but don’t curse my little sis just because she can’t know what is what(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(tired) : “enough with it man just shut it(all laugh)..” Giselle(mild) : “no it’s ok dear please don’t worry she’ll be fine I won’t spare Randy either if he does something to my sweet little sis that word is just a figure of speech..hey..(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(bit thoughtful) : “no Gis don’t bother it’s not going to go away(all laugh)..Millie you know too desperate ever I told her not to do that without knowing him but you know her thank God didn’t go there alone those brats totally encircled her you know then provoked me them I could never know(all laugh shaking their heads) no it was ok I still tried as Randy would’ve tried but(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for PANGORO,all laugh a lot)..then they did something to her she just didn’t behave well you know then those brats were trying to literally disintegrate her body hence I had an object with me just beat them then only went but then I found it was just all hallucinations and Vespiquens are so so far away from doing them but just imagine Gis what would’ve happened if it was a Javelin my sweet Millie then..um..(all laugh)..” Giselle(frown) : “no it’s ok Terry don’t bother just best friends(all laugh a lot)..but you know I’ve got all the recordings and all and then saw everything there yeah it was our mistake to not contact him again but I just don’t believe that it’ll be all this easy unless we at first infact try to change our views of life you know(all laugh a lot)..like..like him it’s not that we have to be like him but I think that may be you should’ve go there with someone you know too well and is affectionate to too much cause if it was Randy he would’ve totally forsaken Millie no matter what even if she was his wife what to speak of this(all laugh a lot,cheers for AH!UNOVA!CILIVA!,all laugh even more,Seth says  ehadi firmly,Dosey Dosey oh my Dosey/Mr Mehadi TURN Cozy Cozy Cozy Cozy,all laugh even more,Seth laughs a lot  ehadi firmly,Mehadi smiles)” Terry(bit thoughtful) : “um..I don’t know Gis may be he could’ve saved her like that only too like they afterall provoked me or it felt so thus if I wasn’t bothered then they would’ve never been able to do anything to her exactly as you know the Police can’t do anything to him cause it’s like he can pervade your being with his host of absurd signs really Gis this is far far more deepening(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(thoughtful) : “um..yeah thus indeed my parents day one warmed up to him and now is infact saying you two should’ve told Randy before exactly as Rodrick uncle and Joan aunty and mostly even Wolfgang grandpa(all laugh a lot)..Lana aunty is obviously disturbed and she never stays home unless tired enough you know best always at your home 15 hours when jubilant too much(all laugh a lot)” Terry(bit disappointed) : “um..yeah but I’m also worried what would her state be cause I don’t know what she saw and then if she’s hallucinated like I indeed did beat her up like that with proper language too must’ve(all laugh) I don’t know Gis my sweet Millie may not want to be with me then..(all laugh)..and no you know why she can’t stay home with uncle’s gym and all never gets enough care there and aunty too always so busy with everything and those b.. always pester her saying she’s nothing to beauty at combat sports(all laugh a lot) and the b.. patronize with her pointing out their lesser status(all laugh a lot)..no it’s a mental torture upon her you know always at home just cause she’s so sweet(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(frown) : “um..no it’s ok she’ll always have my home all open Terry you know that no matter what(all laugh) and just imagine us and that b.. Cammie’s behaviour with her(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(bit thoughtful) : “um..no it’s just misinterpretation from Cammie’s part you know she just wants to be good friends with him just as we all were before um,anyway(all laugh) she just pesters him like that and you know Cammie being too scathing in personal relations reacts like that you know nothing else(all laugh)” Giselle(frown) : “well I don’t think so,anyway(all laugh),yeah I just wished it should’nt have happened it could’ve been anyone for Millie like you(all laugh) but why would she suddenly(all laugh)..” Terry(frown) : “hey aren’t you happy to be my girlfriend(all laugh a lot)..(giggle)..oh me me me me oh alas my/aptly opine i or my i#..Choiced Brats,#,..” Giselle(smile,bit worried) : “um..no dear ofcourse not(all laugh)..(giggle)..Meh Meh Oh Ah Marred/Mist then only so Far..(together)..meaning twist mean boo/oh Arrival-set-verb-or thus Phew#..Survival Deja Vu,#,..just was saying like that b.. has spoiled my relationship with my sister too(all laugh)..” Terry(frown) : “and you’re trying you hands at me with my bro(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(bit irritated) : “hey..(all laugh)..” Terry(frown) : “no why don’t you like Cammie hum..(all laugh a lot)..despite him considering you alone in this whole world of his familial jungle as his beau(all burst into laughter,cheers for BOULDER!BOULDER!)..” Giselle(scowl) : “that p.. b.. how many has he seen hum it’s all flesh and blood you know just so profane..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(frown) : “and me holding your hands before our um..meeting wasn’t(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(angry) : “Terry please would you let it go(all laugh)..I perfectly understand what he meant by beau and bro RHYMING(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for KALOS DARKENED,..)..but that so and so can’t be either(all laugh)..” Terry(bit disappointed) : “no matter Gis I just wish Cammie never met him you know yeah we’ve got what we’ve got but then I should’ve been with Millie there..(all laugh)..” Giselle(frown) : “well Millie isn’t going anywhere Terry don’t bother Cammie must’ve met him again didn’t tell us I don’t trust him at all why so insensitive to my sweet little baby even in so much pain hum..(all laugh a lot)..that b.. have back..” Terry(bit angry) : “well he won’t do that to me I know this much Gis no matter what you say cause his problem is that you’re my girlfriend not me being your boyfriend ever(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(scowl) : “what do you mean hum..(all laugh)..” Terry(tired) : “please Gis just let it go would you I’m too tired(all laugh)..” Giselle(frown) : “well anyway Terry I’m going to meet her alone this time Cammie probably will offer you to go don’t go with him he’s in a collusion against exactly me hence only targeting my family(all laugh)..don’t worry I won’t meet him at that place and that time rather when grandpa met him(all laugh)” Terry(frown) : “yeah that’ll be better Gis and no please never try to go there at night alone Millie no matter what is a very good sportswoman as much as I’m in mine and Cammie is too or rather was(all laugh a lot) but no I saw his physique far stronger than before strangely(all laugh) yeah you’re right must’ve met him but because thought it was insignificant didn’t tell anyone just like we all didn’t share our full recordings still even grandpa(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(angry): “be neutral Terry please(all laugh a lot)..I’ll see about that it’s ok and don’t forget the basic reason why actually all are afraid if he wanted so would’ve evaporated both of us with Gulpins(all laugh)..um..but that’s not why people will be afraid so much would they Terry ok Mr Brawn is just too ever-happy(all laugh..lot),Mr and Mrs Slate are just too jolly(all laugh a lot,cheers for BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes his head laughing) and then again their project at Boulder is only getting better their eldest son is practically endorsed to the whole world by oak labs and all why wouldn't they be jolly it's a business deal that son whoever it is THE most wicked pro in as many years and those brats(all burst..,Daisy..DR SKECHIT DON'T YOU BE A GAMBLER JUST LOOK AT THE CONTRACT/THEY ARE EXPECTING SOMETHING FROM US MEANS THIS FEELING THEY CAN NO MORE RATIONALLY TRACK,all un..,..JUST FOLLOW THAT DASHING TRACK,all un..,Brock pulls his hairs slapping himself laughing a lot,Violet un..)


and then surely Mr Jerry wouldn’t fear any legends what to speak of four egotistical rookies(all laugh) then ok here and Rimsable all are at doldrums like Charlie(all laugh a lot) and Zipgarnet testifies what nightmares are actually(all laugh..lot)


and Ms Daisy um..well she’s concerned about her sisters I understand Violet is volatile the next two are always found missing another just closed indoors so definitely is hissing(all burst into laughter,Lillie,Poppy and Mehadi uncontrollably laugh,Goran and Seth cheer for SENSATIONAL OAKS,Lillie un..,Gary shakes..,all laugh a lot)..” Terry(tired) : “Ah don’t talk about them(all laugh a lot)..as much as I heard like Daisy in so much bereavement look how finished her career and continuing the gym and even now one went out showing how to break a team trying to corrupt the gym being instigated by their own antagonists this intelligence and calls herself an artist(all laugh a lot,Violet..OH MY SWEET LITTLE SIS REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU GROW UP TO RESIST/THE LURE OF DUAL NOT SELF EXPLANATION..I KNOW CAUSE I AM THE FOX OF THE MENTAL ARTIST,all un..,Tracey too un..) and the next after being fired from water contests went to the breeders why specify if you can generalize(all laugh) but again as we hear is still a trainer of some capacities,singer,performer mostly AN ARTIST(all laugh a lot) all for beau counting I tell you(all burst into laughter,Seth and Goran..BEAUBOY OAK,all un..,Lillie un..,Gary too un..)..then the younger one refereeing at Ransei no further explanation needed on criticism(all laugh..,Goran and Poppy burst..) and then the mysterious one(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for Mehadivious,all laugh even more and cheers for young flower dream,Mehadi laughs a lot  oy)..I heard from the Cerulean counterparts when they came here is like a Gyarados(all laugh a lot)..may her first target be blessed(all laugh a lot,cheers for look-only-at,all laugh even more)..those three won’t be any better you know silently learning the crafts and arts(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(bit concerned) : “anyway enough with those sensational sinisters one is already showing the colours MELODIOUSLY declaring what would the next three do one having fired herself another gone to critical bushes to start with(all laugh a lot,Goran and Poppy burst..)..all just ploys to trap brats you know and has taken up the name flowers these are of those type who first feels it then professionally reels it to ethically understand if this is indeed the personal hours to completely suck up their vitality feigning as if just an innocent lady all veil just to get the pass to climb that observation tower(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,Brock says,all hail your jackal Daisy the foxing one with flying colours,all laugh even more)..anyway but as I was saying you know especially Mr Jerry’s silence baffles me how can Jubilee Hands-On or whatever be so strong as to rear up a Hakamo-O at home via telecommunication lines(all laugh a lot)..and no out of them only their mysterious teacher wasn’t known Strawberry Facepalm it’s heard as the police said we met them said is a far far worse creature than Randy(all laugh a lot,cheers for MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,all laugh even more,Gary shakes his head laughing)..then actually among them Charlie Doldrum is the one who is methodical(all laugh)..and he it’s said that he worked in that dark lab for a year(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for ZORORAI,all laugh even more)..and now it’s heard that he’s in Unova but no none found him there still(all laugh) he it’s heard has been turning researchers into pieces of meats for his following who it’s heard are from like Team Rocket’s den(all laugh a lot) and none can disprove his theories thus which they said has absolutely nothing to do with pokemons(all laugh) they just refer them some sources which has nothing to do with even normal humans beings(all laugh a lot) then somehow distorts the equations an art that it’s heard has made Strawberry invincible(all laugh) and well this all is heard is translated in terms of most joyful experience by Lastly a Ghastly Phantom(all laugh a lot)..who it’s heard each of the words counter everything out as Randy described(all laugh a lot) whose name as you know that heading unforgettable at public places caution!A RANDOM TRYRANTUM!..(both uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,..)..man what sort of brats these are(both laugh)..(all laugh,cheers for MASTER BRATS,..)..and that lab is only existing because of Mr Jerry you know else would immediately be rescinded so I wonder like why would someone whose in hall of fame for so long be so scared as to not say a thing Professor Oak is a great person you know his lectures but it’s heard that it’s Strawberry who runs the show there with Phantom lasting everything(all laugh,Gary shakes his head laughing) then Charlie forces the academia to bend to them Jubilee eradicates the invisible constrains invisibly with his obvious socialized pets doing the GROSS work(all laugh) and Randy I guess preaches and catches..OH MY GOD!TERRY!..(all burst into laughter,Stash and Seth cheer for IN PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS,all uncontrollably laugh)..” Terry(tired) : “please barely are we toddlers that he can brainwash us like this(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(bit calmed down,patting Terry) : “no we’re not Terry,it’s ok..anyway I recall I have to go now Pablo uncle asked me to..” Terry(worried) : “um..Gis please don’t..(all laugh)” Giselle(bit stern) : “no I won’t as you yourself said Terry we’re no toddlers that he can do whatever he wants(all laugh)..no don’t worry Terry please I give you my words hum..please I’ll be fine..” Terry(bit calmed down) : “I’m calling Pablo uncle no matter Gis you’re intelligent enough to understand these but you know also that both me and Millie are no strangers to pokemons and just see how he has reduced my sweet best friend to just..(all laugh a lot,cheers for METAPHORICAL FLOWER,all laugh even more)..” Giselle(frown) : “it’s ok Terry you two are too boisterous and Cammie’s the worst tool I’ve ever imagined(all laugh) I’ll go with Pablo uncle don’t bother..” Terry(tired) : “don’t fall into his emotional traps atleast tell him to take Pirrie,Roxie and Kumlie they Millie said no matter atleast aren't suspects to metaphysics only logic(all un..)” Giselle(frown) : “no he can try as much of that(all laugh a lot)..don’t worry Terry I’m going don’t bother I’ll be fine..bye..(goes away)..” Terry(bit worried) : “so many rhymes Gis so many rhymes(all laugh)..and I just pray Pablo uncle doesn’t go there with his gang will toy with them if seriously provoked mentally though..Ah man get off from my head(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Seth cheers for POISONED LIFE,all laugh even more)” ....(outside,Giselle’s going out) Giselle(calls Pablo) : “um..uncle can you talk a bit now..” Pablo(bit surprized) : “um..surely Giselle but you seem..(all laugh)” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..no I was just asking can you go with me to Randy’s place tonight barring your students and pokemons not telling anyone except the Police(all laugh)..” Pablo(frown) : “hum..I see come over to the gym dear I’ll see I’m going there too..(all laugh,Seth shakes his head laughing)..” Giselle(bit worried) : “um..alright..” ...(Pablo’s gym)..
A student : “who the f.. does he thinks he is man huh trying to create a rift in our concentration(all laugh a lot)..”
Another student : “just a m..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Another Student : “but um..still you know he’s this unpredictable b.. who conjures what he calls logical evil man think about it(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM) with direct type advantages over poison as we saw from the books(all laugh a lot) isn’t it a bit um too dangerous cause he only counters thus rather we should also physically..(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM HUMDRUM GUZZLE GUZZLE/IF YOU WANT YOURSELF TO BE ANOTHER LOOK MUZZLE MUZZLE..THEE,all un..)..”
A Student(angry) : “yeah exactly why they call you lesser(all laugh a lot)..I’m going no matter who comes with me(all laugh)..” Another student(same hesitating student) : “don’t bother Pirrie it’s heard he can’t especially stand those who are determined to remain as she(all burst into laughter)”
Pirrie(angry) : “exactly what I want Kumlie(all laugh a lot)..I’ll see how he beats my concentration..(all laugh a lot)” Another student : “well you’ll have me,Kandy and Flint rest are all j.. cowards especially Kumlie as it no more just seems(all laugh shaking their head)..” Another student : “yeah indeed so Gibbie I’m going with Pirrie and Hobby still these b.. couldn’t better the c.. even now(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Another student : “yeah b.. indeed Sitti who else would otherwise jump up(all burst into laughter)” Hobby(extremely angry) : “you want to see how h.. I’m for your c.. huh!(all laugh shaking their heads)” Kumaglak(disappointed) : “Randy has already rendered you folks even before you left your f.. j.. to s.. up enough(all laugh shaking their heads) and that’s for your KIND information logically that unlike you he’s not f.. up PHILOSOPHYICALLY..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT,all un..,. un..)..” ..(a squabble breaks out,Pablo comes in with Giselle)..
Pablo(loud) : “hey you all zip it(all laugh,all calms down)..so who are coming with me then(all laugh a lot)..”
Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..(all laugh)..”
Pablo(frown) : “no don’t worry dear they also need to learn about FIGHTING TYPE pokemons(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(very concerned) : “um..uncle no matter if you have mixed types I mean the pure ones..um..(all laugh a lot)..” Kandy : “don’t worry sis it’s ok we’re 6 in number 3 from each half all preparations done we’ll see what can philosophy alone do to our concern..umm(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for COUNTERING,all laugh even more)” Pablo(bit angry) : “yeah leave the talking to Giselle after we alight alright(all burst into laughter,cheers for Tickle Mastery,.controllably laughs)..no dear that brat has truly affected my thinking process you know and now with this emotion(all laugh)” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..it’s ok uncle but just don’t take any um..(all burst into laughter,cheers for HOOPA UNROLLED,all laugh even more)..” Pablo(frown) : “no you don’t have to brainstorm towards this keep your concentration NO MATTER EVEN IF IT RHYMES(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(bit ashamed) : “um..sorry uncle I won’t say those when talking with you(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(smile) : “it’s ok dear Millie is still too happy you know(all laugh a lot) but I’ll see how that anyway let’s go..(all laugh a lot)”
Kumaglak(disappointed) : “pray to all purgatories folks hells have already rejected them remebering Guzzle Humdrum(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS FOREVER/OH GUZZLE THUS WHAT IS EVER,all un..)..” Another Student : “Kumlie don’t m.. here like s.. b.. ok(all laugh shaking their heads) we didn’t go cause we don’t have any types that are disadvantages against poisons to draw pity Meganiums do worse against poisons in that way Roxie told us(all burst..)” Kumaglak(frown) : “emotionally yeah(all burst into laughter)..Luri please I would’ve been there any of us too might’ve even if we didn’t have any brats but you girls weren’t told of this and Gibby and those brats were too overzealous..” Roxanne(frown) : “just spit it ok don't act as if you know everything(all laugh..lot)”
Kumaglak(frown) : “atleast about combat i know more than your poke statistics(all laugh..lot)..
Roxanne(frown) : "yeah whatever just spit it you're acting as if they had turned up at a grocery store showing their humility in being the same as us all(all burst..,Brock..LASTLY THE ONLY IN ANALOGY POSSIBLE-SHADOW,all un..,Brock..OF A CRITICAL HUMDRUM,all un..).."
Kumaglak(frown) : "yeah as if they would've not added countering the reflections(all un..)"
Luri : "enough you two just tell us why are you discombobulated always these days Kumlie especially when you speak of serious matters(all un..)"
Kumaglak(thoughtful) : "well it's cause Lastly I can prove hands on that there exists Ghastly Phantoms in logic not in it's effects,countering the most ensuing,recurrently though not inductively(all un..)..”
Some student : “thought he would’ve f.. you up badly too in g..(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Kumaglak : “Kinnie look,i’ve seen the videos of people who faced him before they never bothered to challenge him but we did that time(all laugh..lot) and thus I know what he did to most choiced pros cause we were sitting just outside () crematory yard mind the place having some fun after a days work and this isn’t the budding other sides like Tugstie and Sarmie,Pirrie knows them they are the most notorious ones despite their age(all laugh..lot) in philosophizing what they do(all un..) but we were just the b.. around cause the core of that side never had anything to do with him since day one as you know in Juritared they only objected against his language even the worst in their positions said we can't go lower in psychical conceptions cause we get detached from the ever witnessing convolving meaning we can't reach any destination even hell has an option of bearing that's pardon this is inhuman..cut this language(all un..,Genkai..CILI THIS IS A KOMMO-O..no sir he didn't mean anything he naturally gets excited you know,all un..,Goran and Poppy and Seth and Mehadi un..)..and it's cause as i demonstrated they understand the repercussions at their own backyard cause the central counter is there’s no happiness if born and only those who are forth aren’t subject to this so you can understand what will happen to these poor souls cause they will be shown blissful compassion not being shoved down mental congestion(all laugh a lot)”
Roxanne(bit excited) : “hey you have it now(all laugh a lot)..” Kumaglak(bit concerned) : “yeah Roxie i do if you heard it first time you would've too what to speak of if you've seen from a hand's distance how he mortifying himself proves to him that he as in a false being ain't at all true(all un..) thus this rhyme just connects all to or not to do the most reflective(all un..)..that’s why my recent bouts have been reckless as you know i’m just getting too many meanings to deal with as i said just the presence of the opponent(all laugh a lot,cheers for Lastly a Ghastly Phantom)..here it is..” (Phantom going to () crematory at Bosangria as directed by Tantrum who went to the crematory where Cameron met him first,this takes place after Mildred’s meeting with Tantrum,Phantom only wants to stroll around the boundary..,a few brass people are there cheerfully after a fun day not doing anything but just gathering,at first they didn’t see Phantom..,they turn on the videos because they thought it could be police later forgot to turn it off..)
someone : “is that really police talking s.. after w.. himself to the limits today(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Phantom(coming in) : “SPIRITOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB TOMB/look spirit says let's do till we recall it from the countering tomb tomb(all un..,..Lastly a Ghastly Phantom,all un..)/Hail oh Spiritomb Tomb Tomb Tomb Tomb welcome either of these as this now then countering then it's now Phantom(all un..)/STRANGELY LOOKING AT THIS WHO DIES ALSO SAYS LIFE I’M DONE DONE(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)/GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE IS PAST NOW IT’S NOT TURN SO THEN WAS WHAT(all laugh a lot,cheers for BANETTE,..)/DUGHTER OR SON SON SON SON SON SAID MOM HOW ELSE CLOUD IT BE DONE DONE(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)/OH BABY BABY LOOK AROUND BIRTH IN CAUSALITY..RELATION LOOK PHANTOM(all un..)/HELP ME SAVE ME OH MY NOW..BUT MY IS NOW RELATIVE PHANTOM(all un..)/THUS SAVING SUFFERING IS NOW JUST IN LASTLY LOOK A RANDOM(all un..)/OH RANDOM WHAT DO YOU MEAN..DISTRIBUTION..LOOK NOW THE DEFINITION OF SELF IN OWN now is..THE ACTUATION PHANTOM(all un..)..said Spiritomb that tomb tomb tomb as Spirit came refering origination Phantom(all un..)/Unless it was itself it's the reflective tomb of meaning..BEING NOW YOU LOOK PHANTOM(all un..)”
Someone : “your suspicion surely doesn't hold true mentally no trust my gender contrasting his(all un..,Daisy..PLAYBOY CLOCKTURN,all un..,Seth and Mehadi un..)..surely an incurable addict(all laugh a lot)” 
Phantom(singing,coming closer) : "HALLU LU LU CI CI NA TION TION TION TION TION TION/LISTEN HALLOW HO-OH THAT'S MY SON/ALAS ALREADY WELCOME THIS TERM TO PHANTOM(all un..)"
Someone(Kumaglak) : “don’t kid us Gollie saying that your gender can counter his in metaphysical introspect only in it's affiliation of it's existential promulgation of logical rigour being another to logic by the feeling of decision that's only virtual that's the phantom he's talking about do you get anything(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..what you're saying is like saying i can see it that's not what space in essence of being indifferent to this very terminological difference in reflection will mean to any honesty’s bandit in reflection to ethics and so on in reflections not counters as for that unless they are true they will not exist at all countering the idea of all once more(all un..,Daisy cheers for PLAYBOYS OF HONESTY,Gary,Goran,Stash and Seth uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits of laughter)”
Phantom(coming) : "Humdrum Humdrum Hum Hum Hum so Why now drum,alas asking to drum drum drum(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all un..)/only at present to sum sum sum sum sum sum sum..next moment causal past future welcome phantom(all un..)"
Someone(a bit concerned) : "um..Kumlie,are you sure he..um..this(all un..,Stash,Goran,Gary and Seth..DANGER,all un..) is not a bandit of um..like.."
Kumaglak(a bit concerned) : "proverbs(all un..).."
Someone(who asked) : "YES!that's the..um..why am i so happy(all un..)"
Kumaglak(frown) : "countering even if you became otherwise yeah(all un..) and no he's not bandit of proverbs that's his other associates(all laugh..lot) and it's no cause Phantom means as verb can't apply to that following conservation of duality as that piece said the meaning of verb will change in actual not potential that piece was i recall,'Phantom the adjective of adverb'..hang on how did i say these words so um..logically despite being high and drunk simul..damn it(all un..,..THE ADJECTIVE OF ADVERB,all un..)"
Phantom(coming in) : “hallow sirs may I be excused i’m looking for the way to () crematory sorry to disturb YOU(all un..,Gary..Stash..countering,all un..,Seth too un..)” Someone : “yeah son you’ve come not yonder indeed(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “thus having not reached it yet hence only is a bit confused(all burst into laughter)” someone : “son do you have any remote idea of anything(all laugh)..” Phantom : “if I did I would’ve had to have some other ideas too for the validation for the safety of the ideal pin(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” someone : “I see a classical dramatist this is going be fun folks..(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “even if it isn’t something worse still may be concealed in future if not then only this will give you hope(all burst into laughter)” Someone : “bravo man bravo(all laugh a lot)..lets see what you’ve got with you..(all laugh)” (all surround him)
Phantom : “PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..”
(All are taken aback a bit)
Someone(bit angry) : “was that a threat son(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “determination leads to bias ever thus only validates it’s existence hence only they’re ever in equilibrium pro and con(all burst into laughter)/the idea of bias thus is only a mirage of statistics removes it the theory of numbers behind the reason why they were envisaged to begin with to determine the chance of night and dawn(all burst into laughter)..exactly the reason of different brands found strangely all selling the sweetest hon(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for Lastly a Ghastly Phantom) someone : “um..Bollie this is a dagger but um..how to um..due to only statistics um..know certainly that..um..despite the manufacture’s claim that um..it’ll work(all burst into laughter,cheers for look-only-at)..” Some other person : “just stab the m..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Phantom(changing back to the previous expression) : “result of each of the words will be distributed to various labs/the most efficiency will be working on to validate the claim there unless the send keeps the tabs(all burst int laughter)/that this may injure my physique enough to let it die/but that’s only to you compeers to me you’ll be not deemed as my(all burst into laughter)..(normally) exactly why in the beginning I addressed you as hallow not hi(all uncontrollably laugh,..,..LASTLY A PROFESSIONAL PHANTOM,all un..)..” someone : “hey Gollie why are you waiting just gag him it’s just this language(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND)..” Phantom(changing back to the contemplating self) : “any phenomena is perceived first only then can it’s analysis come strangely by itself always intelligence to mind is indeed a baggage(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/thus if the analysis is also perceived as another comes the trolley of indifference if the carrier is discerned as another it becomes free of the friction of contradiction cause it’s defined as not other for validating the perceiver the gravity else there’s no causality of logic unless it’s perceived from a point neither is the gravity there unless there’s the cause of uniqueness of relativity thus the the baggage of being moves automatically according to the slope of the ground mental agnostic to relative heights of emotional no matter the weight of sanity the essential other to self ever the proverbial luggage(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” someone : “um..this is a gun but um..Jappie how to prove that it kills these um..words um..also um..mentally(all burst into laughter)” Phantom(same contemplating state) : “relationally indeed sirs nothing is there if it’s deem a thing cause then it’s ever in FIGHT with what it’s not/irrespective of being thus illusion can’t exist becoming aware of it kills the effulgence of non-contradiction never effaceable due to the logical soundness this incessant thirst trying to find that elusive shot(all burst into laughter)..(normally)..exactly why only one is chosen never if alone due to being undefined as unique but ever only if alone among the eternal lot(all burst into laughter,cheers for Lastly a Ghastly Phantom)/this lot itself comes out of blue cause a thing else can’t be defined as true the medium of the sound of the shot if not present still will be there impossible to be defined unless defined as what it’s not(all burst into laughter)..exactly why a mom comes running to the baby despite knowing immovable is where he’s been kept the PHYSICAL cot(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for look-only-at)/these all being the ideas only makes existence oblique to consciousness exactly why it’s so self consuming the tea only if it’s neither cold nor hot(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY,..)”
someone else(angry) : "hey Ash shut up ok don't think none of us know you're far more dangerous if killed before your body tells you to kill it as part of what you call ethical honesty(all un..) we only tried another corner case cause we heard once someone tried to shoot you from distance but you were walking while moving your upper body side by side sometimes sometimes putting you hands up sometimes going as if switching stances hence thought for a moment what would you think being hit by bullet hence shot your legs you fell over but immediately turned backside down pulled your legs to you over your waist and put your chest up in an exercise posture and then started to move your head JUST to be more entertaining(all un..)..as you were doing these step by step the shooter thought he was watching a movie exactly when he was left alone by his emotions as he felt a logical silence around him and sprang up from his hideout saying help me silence just became Phantom(all un..)..then there was a mayhem that caused by only 6 persons in this current term and plane(all un..),this man had to convince the judges that he really wanted to shoot you else he was getting severely punished by his sides who told first up none in his wildest w.. dream will commit the mistake of actuating a self proclaimed Phantom he admitted his mistake saying i just thought they never existed only to be answered if not questioned as answer not it's logic being a desire look Phantom(all un..).."
Phantom : "intelligibly not parametrically..symbolic operation now Phantom(all un..)"
The person(very angry) : "yeah then this is a knife a gun and a gag help yourself if so much is your urge to live why were you trying to defend yourself hum(all un..)"
Phantom : "as voidness in you to be so became I..the Phantom(all un..)..hence i thought i should ask it if it was out of random thus i became forgetful of your beings of selves if i wanted to ask it whether or not it came out of practicability i would've done the opposite hence you wouldn't have got any reactions as all cause then our beings would've been there the necessary,thus your necessities would've become Phantom(all un..)..the necessity to use being to understand duality of any sequence defined as in terms of temporality-now and now makes then(all un..)..thus language here is not enough compeer as spontaneity look Phantom(all un..)"
Kumaglak(bewildered) : “um..look i’ve left school 15 years ago and currently 21 only primary degree(all laugh a lot) but um..even I can get this pain of yours Ash like the tea itself gets drunk else one thinks i’m drinking something and then again that point is indefinite hence unique to each which to the tea is self consuming cause um that’s the whole definition of tea as being um..like refreshment(all uncontrollably laugh,..) and then um..from there the self consumption itself is like the tea that’s like ego is like never tamed more or less rather ceased as it’s said and there too if one is alive thus in a way everything counters everything as said that unforgettable article you know best(all laugh a lot) ‘Peace : the horror of honesty’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS)’ hence you’re in this tremendous pain but um..it’s completely self inflicted no matter like why don’t you just try to do something meaningful(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE MEANING) or even if not why not just contemplate it in silence(all laugh a lot)..” someone else : “um..no Kumlie sometimes it’s so overbearing like it’s not in your power but um..I remember something this sort of persons are called um..(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom : “the gone ones folks(all laugh a lot)..”
someone(a bit timid) : “um..yeah thanks i'm going Kumlie none knows who was shot just as none knew who came out of that hospital all those 15 long years ago it could've been exchanged it could be negligence or intention and all these many possibilities they have to work against in hospital um..like watching them over unless they do like that movie the silence of knowledge becomes Phantom(all un..)..um..and i never returned to school after i learnt to read and write the name Ash brings so much hope Kumlie or um..may be it was given afterall who knows like..um..i don't know who this guy is Kumlie what's in there in it's being like actuation Phantom as he said in that piece you always talk about,always : all the ways of possibilities expectation look now necessity is Phantom(all un..)..i don't like his name i don't like his too perfect physical features and antics it's like so ensuing like this idea like um..(all un..).."
Kumaglak(confused still) : this idea of adjective Phantom impossible unless only in addendum to verb..what am i..(all un..,Brock..INTRUDERS OF IDENTITY,all un..)..”
Phantom : “logically though(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)..as Phantom actually means the illusion unbearable only because it’s known to be defined as not by the hallucinated thus a self counter(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..the exact reason why you’re deemed socially as obtuse just this splendor of beauty compeers unlike them to you it’s not in the lawn but the process to sustain it the necessary evil hence this mow(all laugh a lot)/thus it’s significant for you or anyone to do whatever you want nothing matters at all to the honesty of a moral crow according to ethics though(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,ALL UN..)..”
someone : “um..no don't scare us(all burst)..).."
Phantom : “hence no matter what we do indifference to counter difference which counters that will ever be entangled in the dilemma of bro or beau(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..mentally that is(all laugh a lot)..so long then folks forgot your recorder collect it from the Bosangria () police station then all knows me..lexicon look your their me is now mine..consensus Phantom(all un..),if they don't still physically then tell them you're a farmer,farmer of spirit(all un..)..best wishes through sanity then welcome never bye(all burst into laughter)..”
Kumaglak(frown) : "hey don't scare us ok we're not afraid to go to police stations(all un..)..and i also know how you started with saying may I be excused sorry to disturb you meaning you're sorry of yourself only in propagation of knowledge not it's accumulation countering bye(all un..)"
Phantom : "thanks indeed compeer for staying here alone to say this confirming why solitude unless existentially soluble only says to consciousness never hallow but hi,in constructive morphisms though not construing mutations..linguistics now Phantom(all un..,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all un..)..the forgone ones went away just as then as it stays only to be deemed..shh..so conducing to be owned..the least surmounting..achievement then phantom to desire.."
Kumaglak(confused) : "um..um..are you um.. a decoy of a um..disguise#..Caster Hat,#,.."
Phantom : "nobility the most maximized..shh..so many compositions.."
Kumaglak(going away,bit discomforted) : "um..yeah thanks i just um..recalled my sister saying a novel..anyway thanks#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,..(frown)..um..just a moment you're Seth Ketchum not Ash um.."
Seth : "Next Term Phantom indeed(all un..long,..Seth..The Meaning of Lie,all un..).."
Kumaglak(frown) : "um..yeah but um..what's the difference(all un..).."
Seth : "excuse : the existence of meaning..alas coincidence to correspondence then Phantom but we didn't understand why it was added..shh..so collectin'#..but thus was suggest The Meaning of lie meaning the conviction of collection jut to be countering you see..meaning though alas now phantom to me..shh..it was added so begggin'..addiction boo#..thus if it is addicting or not you see it's just the The Meaning of Lie as is the word and the meaning isn't it just to be countering#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,.."
Kumaglak(going away,frown) : "um..yeah thanks..um..yeah..um..no Next Term Phantom yeah(all un..,Seth..Choiced Brats,Kumaglak too un..)"
Kumaglak(on road another record) : "um..but.."
Stranger : "presence to conviction then Phantom(all un..long,..Lastly Phantom,#,..)"
Kumaglak(giggle) : "um..is your name Ash like Ash the Formality of another(all un..).."
Stranger : "bifurcation : illusion as one(all un..long,..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,#,..)"
..(the recording ends)..
Kumaglak(concerned) : “saw what I said(all laugh a lot)..just about managed to avert the emissary of that consciousness rusticated creature from Juritared#..the actual creature is redundant to reality anyway(all un..long,..Caster Hat,#,..)..and while they understood it’s a Phantom still listened all along till he showed why(all laugh a lot) and those are illiterate b.. next day each got the preparation going for enrollment in apprenticeship at Bosangria Hartmarter Industries starting from next month anyone in any field can take inspiration from them cause their sanity is on the line as you realize(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..the female brats present with us later said you know he's so s.. but the moment we think so we hear him saying what he was suggested,THIS TERM PHANTOM(all un..,Violet..BEAUTY OH BEAUTY ALAS YOU'RE NOW KNOWN SO PHANTOM,all un..,Daisy..um..Dase i told him i'll travel with you no matter what you say,said,moment after moment difference look present monogram,all un..,Daisy..permission or rejection in colonial logic your actuation look is a Monogram,all un..,Daisy..um..then i scoffed at him saying i'll ask your host then it said,all un..,MOMENT OH MY MOMENT ALAS MOMENT NO MORE JUST PHANTOM,all un..,Daisy..OBJECT SUBJECT BEING EGO SELF PROCLAIM PHANTOM,all un..,Daisy..hey Dase should i ask talk about what Ash says with him,all burst..,Daisy..or just ask him always what does he mean what does he mean what does he mean,all un..,Daisy..Dase you lowlife why your baby brats look away from us when we want to see their eyes after an event involving our appraisal to them about our methods of navigating through equations of wandering hum..any innuendoes noted as it should,all un..long,Violet..PLAYBOY UNCHARTED,all un..,Goran and Poppy and Seth and Mehadi un..)..the brat that got so excited as i told him of the right word proverb that was Tommy the second most educated having left the sem before me and never appeared for 2nd year supplementary which i did cause i new i can pass them as by then i got bored of commitments(all un..) and along with me or anyone including the propounder is educated in adverb never adjective(all burst..,Seth..HUM..CIVILITY!EDUCATION!CULTURE!,all un..)..he’s the one who send this to me cause was his phone lives at () same sort of wavelength in drinks and substances hence knows me for 16 years now both started together(all laugh..lot) there’s none there who are more thoughtful than him not in thoughts even one bit but in language(all laugh a lot)..they will screw up your head and encourage you to be honest in your profession even if you’re a criminal if you’re so morally that is(all laugh a lot) hence will shove you down the roads of ethics in your particular profession never existent hence you’ll turn into phantoms in the horrendous self inflicted imaginary pain of self contradiction exactly like them as they said almost as if processed honesty’s bandit(all laugh a lot)..”
Roxanne(thoughtful) : “um..yeah it’s from that other piece with that headline ‘randomness:the deception of morality’(all burst into laughter..)”
Luri : “God help the gone ones(all laugh a lot)..”
Roxanne(who said of the piece,a bit thoughtful) : "um..but if there is indeed help they will be taught to counter it won't they ethically(all un..)"
Luri(frown) : "why are you staying back here then Roxie having no faith in your self proclaimed statistics(all laugh..lot).."
Roxanne(a bit thoughtful) : "um..no i thought i would then hesitated a bit with all thought it's a rash decision then thought i'm scared then thought but that's prudence then thought but they are only there and i'm here so rather it's feeling but um..as that song was going on and now i only feel like it's so ensuing isn't it in the end(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"
Luri(frown) : "you want us to believe you stopped cause you couldn't make a decision thus fed the statistics to us(all laugh..lot).."
Roxanne(a bit irritated) : "um..no it's like it's complementary still given the way they communicate must be given their background(all burst..,Goran,Seth and Genkai..THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes..) no it was there to not go i was scared but as it was me not actually them means that was devoid of precision(all un..)"
Kumaglak(scowl) : "yeah i'm leaving stay here all night to know the fate..THE MOST CAPTIVATING(all laugh..lot)..and make sure to call your bro not beau at night here cause you will be scared EXISTENTIALLY NOT PHENOMENALLY thus WELCOME never BYE(all un..)"
Roxanne(frown) : "yeah indeed i will and i realize before getting in any relationships the distinction of hallow and hi definitely(all un..,Daisy..PLAYBOY RANDOM,all un..)..you brat Kumlie where do you think you're going huh(all un..).."
Someone(laughing) : "yeah see what happens when a m.. and a b.. becomes self pro.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "you've wasted much of your time contemplating on our family that itself is the phantom of memory being not itself but ego isn't it(all un..)"
All goes away : "yeah best wishes for your sanity cause he'll be right here within an hour so no need to search the lexicon to mean temerity bye(all burst..)"
Roxanne(frown) : "yeah just as you go out and they greet you hi and bye(all un..,..MASTER BRATS,all un..).."
Kumaglak(frown) : "Roxie listen the Police returned the device i didn't want to stay there i was losing myself somehow.."
Roxanne(frown) : "so what stopped you hum.."
Kumaglak(a bit irritated) : "no it doesn't.."
Roxanne(frown) : "i don't give a damn about anything but you bro and that is why i'm saying.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "listen you have everything compared to me and how did that m.. behave with you just cause you wanted to speak to him.."
Roxanne(frown) : "doesn't matter i know why you didn't stop her today or did what is eventual but next time you should given her entourage today and the places which you frequent this time alone.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "i'll talk about Pirrie later but why i stopped i don't know you know me Roxie.."
Roxanne(smile,  Kumaglak) : "certainly i do.."
Kumaglak(  and tendering Roxanne's head,smile) : "listen sweetie you're just too sweet still for this hassle of life no matter what your experiences are forget about them and all why don't you shift to what you want to do in Pokemon Profession i know you can't progress here as can't Pirrie it's just that you are disciplined to do it well but always lose cause it's not meant for you you don't have the physical drive only mental which the b.. won't understand ever before eventual retirement mentally that is(all laugh..lot) thus unnecessarily waste their time then trying to be wise about themselves rather than from being now and that's all about public behaviour not against opponents and mostly money whole world knows that barring your trainer all are second class thieves(all laugh..lot)..anyway i know you can't stay somewhere more reticent so why don't you talk with Sir about it you know there's none better to consult about Pokemons than Strawberry Facepalm(all laugh..lot,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all laugh..lot,Gray shakes..)..and as they say others are egotistical in his profession or not but he has ego only as professional(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,Gary too un..)"
Roxanne(a bit dejected) : "um..no may be but atleast i must finish my course you know else it will be just too rash..i don't know i just want a home bro nothing else not siblings or anything still you know just mom and dad and me and may be you too but.."
Kumaglak(patting Roxanne) : "no honey your little bro is always within you isn't he we're only reflections and you should keep trying dear mentally physically and behaviourally but mostly attentively..anyway we better stay here tonight let's get going.."
..(they all go to Tantrum’s place without pokemons)..
Tantrum : “excuse me ‘mam but..”
Giselle(frown) : “it’s me Giselle we met the day you got hit in the abdomen 5 times too forcefully don’t bother(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “Oh so demure..spiritually though not intellectually countering existence thus promulgating consciousness countering 'lexicon : the eviction of parity'(all un..)..” Giselle(shout) : “you b..(all laugh a lot)..”
Pablo’s students grabs Tantrum surrounding him(all except Perkha whose nickname is Pirrie) : “just do what you should with you shoe he can’t talk with a sore throat..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” 
Tantrum(raising his hand in signal,students let him talk,pointing to Giselle) : “just a sec sweetie(all burst into laughter)..”
Giselle(hits Tantrum with her shoe) : “you p.. take that..(hits him him again)..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum(after two hits) : “hombres and honoureds(all laugh a lot) I see you all here Oh so true(all uncontrollably laugh)..
All student’s beat him a bit then Pablo and Perkha restrains them..
Perkha(a bit angrily) : "you c.. beat it didn't you hear what he said in the beginning eviction of parity and how till he finished she couldn't react neither could we to prove him true thus countering what he said for himself not us what the phantom has been teaching since the beginning,'bygone : the dawn of relations'(all un..,Violet..HUMDRUM HUMDRUM NOW YOU GUZZLE/LOOKING AT YOU LOOK NUZZLE NUZZLE..ME,all un..,Violet..thus oh self Guzzle Guzzle being..thee/look countering muzzle muzzle what's..BE,all un..,Violet..hence i frazzle frazzle me,all un..,Violet..Thus Oh Guzzle Humdrum..Humdrum Humdrum..SEE/THAT..OH NUZZLE NUZZLE..ME,all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all un..)"
Giselle(a bit taken aback) : "um..but you're supposed to be on our side which is um..like going to a market and asking whose side am i on(all un..)"
Tantrum(beaten down but suddenly sits up) : “(normally)..THUNDURUS!(all un..)..confusion though oh you look is now muzzle muzzle ME(all burst into laughter)”
Giselle(annoyed) : “um..no you're not Humdrum anymore(all un..)..that b.. is wasn't ethical i remember he didn't stop walking if called from behind what sort of b.. do that in a locality hum(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS,all un..)”
Tantrum : "b.. of sensations,countering proprioception(all un..)"
The Students(all a bit taken aback) : “what do you mean hum..(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum(again lying down) : “b.. means unfaithfulness hence sensation is betrayed here by formalization of observed,by the graphical rather than perceptive solution to of observation(all un..),rather than sensation that's a homage to observing proprioception(all un..)..in gross it means nothing much other than just that I know Gissie physically too for sometimes now(all laugh..lot) only your head honcho don’t seem to fit here as such this hombre he can't hit properly was hitting me by endorsement of own hatred rather than own DUTY to self commitment(all un..)”
Gibby(the boy whose mentioned,a bit taken aback) : "um..but um..(all laugh..lot)"
Pablo(frown,going near him) : “regardless oh him Randy I surely do fit here(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “you seem to be the alien to me who forgets that there’s no way one can succeed in thinking this is the first one while tying the second shoe(all burst into laughter)”
Pablo(extremely angry,students control him,Giselle very worried) : “you wanna see that you p.. huh..” Tantrum : “unethical it is hombre to distort causality's orientation by mere authority dispute intention(all un..)..and you all the testaments to anxiety first couldn’t answer me now can’t concern me what’s the use of rearing you then if Vultures of trepidation don't immediately appear(all un..) hence you rather return later during incision to make it a decision..(all un..,Violet cheers for ALL HAIL THE VULTRES MATTER,all uncontrollably laugh..)..” (All students are taken aback once more) Pablo(frown,controlling himself) : “no it’s ok I saw his endurance first else would’nt have survived today(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “I would’ve HOMBRE(all laugh..shaking..) you wouldn’t/unless you were angry you couldn’t as my current views say actually it’s rather with despair not happiness hence taking this birth itself no I shouldn’t(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “who the hell..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “see this is the reason why this idea of concentration baffles cause it only tells you this indeed then is me(all laugh shaking their heads)..that’s the whole problem infact why I can’t call my little sister sweetie isn’t it(all laugh)..besides it's a shame compeer that there's no more than so few forms next time you will be there there will be atleast innumerable norms then if someone knows you would call you in umbrella terms resistor rather than transistor of form..again you see linguistics if trapped in presence such a calamity so much torture on memory with analyzable thus redundant in terms of applicability are these norms(all un..)”
Giselle(frown) : “what if no matter your overtures I don’t submit agnostic to temporal scales..” 
Tantrum : “memories are due to causation Gissie all of it are possible due to logic pure thus TILL DUALITY PERSISTS THEY ARE EXTRACTABLE INDEED EVEN this head hombre WOULD ADMIT..(all laugh)..” Pablo(bit taken aback) : “what are you blabbing(all laugh)” Tantrum : “well it wouldn’t have been a trouble if it was pokemons not you(all laugh)..rather I would’ve learnt something too/Jubilee taught this day one in the class/said except this Swalots won’t employ to even to collect and dump their thrown away shoe rhymes saw(all laugh shaking their heads)” Pablo(frown) : “yeah that I understand THROUGH THE LAW(all laugh)..look I know you Stash as do the whole world for 12 years now atleast that you’re just a master at playing mind games(all laugh..lot)..” Tantrum : “the experts in these across fields are positioned in hall of fames no matter their names,countering(all burst into laughter)” Pablo(frown) : “cause they are honest atleast thus at 9-9 and still 9 rhyming(all un..)” Tantrum : “only ONE of the questions of ETHICS(all un..)” Pablo(frown) : “Stash listen you’re first a damn teenager no matter your age countering(all un..) second I won two gold medals at IRSGC in general combat sports..” Tantrum : “PSYCHOLOGICALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for master brat)..well then I can say that’s there’s no bar for anyone to put a wager that then you were the VICTORIOUS ONE(all laugh a lot) which turned so pale Sir just as you saw your own self in most dearest form out of you..
La La La La La La La La(all shake their heads laughing)/compeer FINISH Hari Ri Ri Ei Yama Ma Ma Ma(all burst into laughter)/Vultures Say,You’re caught substantially la la la la la la la la(all uncontrollably laugh,Violet cheers for THE VULTURE BUSTER,all laugh even more)/Correction change the form you mean you steered past reacting PSYCHOPHYSICALLY UNBOUND Hoopa pa pa Ah ha ha ha(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)/Oh Strawberry Berry Berry(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Stash cheers for Sister Oak!Oh Sister Oak!,Lillie uncontrollably laughs,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter  ary,Gary shakes his head laughing)/Hush! Professionalism!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,Lillie cheers for PERSONALLY PROFESSIONAL VULTURES,all cheer for MAGMORTGOLEM,all laugh even more,Gary shakes his head laughing) personally you’ve been hit in the same spot professionally again but it was only you personally alone who professionally devised your personal body to be so professionally thus be professional no matter what your personality is professionally told by the pain MERRY!MERRY!PERSONALLY MERRY!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing)/VULTURES SAY IT MUST BE THE MOST ATTRACTING THUS THE MOST DISTRACTING COUNTERING THE CAKE OF REALITY’S PATH OH CHERRY CHERRY CHERRY CHERRY!(all laugh shaking their their)/Doldrum DRUM that’s the first thing thus assimilated hence the rest and due to it’s possibility of betterment that itself along with it is just the price to FERRY!FERRY!FERRY!FERRY!(all burst into laughter)..(Tantrum dozes off)..”
(All are dumbfounded)
Pablo(was hunching beside Tantrum) : “hey..” Giselle(very concerned,bit high pitch) : “no..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Pablo(frowning at Tantrum) : “just dozed off dear don’t worry(all laugh)..you all let’s take him under custody of your teacher(all laugh)..” A student : “um..but Sir um.. if in that confinement he suddenly um..unbinds again(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)..”
Tantrum(suddenly waking up) : "CHERRIM!(all un..)..sorry for disturbing your thoughts,analogically not materially though that is THE MOST ENGROSSING..(dozes off again)..(all un..)"
Pablo(scowl) : “and contrasting his this is your personal courage despite your specific profession isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)..doesn’t matter me,Pirrie and Giselle will be enough as we call the Police in(all laugh..lot)..no it’s ok go to the gym and just say unless you get this fitness each of you,for the next whole week class dismissed psychology never as amiss RHYMING(all burst..,Violet..oh humdrum this physique/oh thus guzzle thus and predicted tragic,all un..,Gary,Goran,Seth and ...)..” ..(all try to take Tantrum aboard towards)..
Tantrum(waking up) : "why are you trying to lift me over your car hombres and honoureds leave me leave me leave me(all laugh..lot)..shh..so duality toned#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
Pablo(frown) : "why don't you do it yourself(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "indeed compeer if only i knew the essence of innocence(all burst..)..(Pablo slaps him..)..indeed compeer that time they resisted you it became moral/that there was no way to know if i was really me or so just in oral,countering metaphysical morale only in practical rhymes saw(all un..,..A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all un..)"
Pablo(frown) : "why don't you get to train with us if so much is your endurance and you've more experience than even my teachers too in this business(all laugh..lot)..from memory we all know not specifically anywhere or time(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "you won't know compeer how many times i trained and will how many times i lost and will how many times i feigned and will how many times i ruled and will..obviously how can you know what i knew unless you were no more my(all un..long)..but you know there never was a time when i won it and won't though i'll try because when i do i'll be the WINNER compeer but look even lexicon says what to speak of epistemology that that's just-MY(all un..)..exactly why situations you know only wants to hallow to me but i'm so infatuated to be them despite discernible duality hence greet them saying hi(all un..)..hence when the young ones will hit me over the coming cosmologies just cause and as they did(all un..),i will back up i will give up i won't either or neither but you know the only thing i can't escape if about me to be bothered that if i didn't i'd be you compeers in the light of reality i can't be another thus never will it dawn on me compeer cause being i all i want is to be rather..this DARK NIGHT(all un..)"
Perkha(frown) : "so you practice those mind control s..(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "if only they could know what to control and control themselves indeed(all burst..)..there's a reason for them hombres they are same why you are so hellbent to remain in your gender ego thought prediction analysis self just being ME hombres you want to be I countering my how to control thus hombres except saying to determination of any thing being so hallow never hi(all un..).."
Giselle(frown) : "so you claim that even with an army metaphysical not cosmological yeah(all laugh..lot).. they won't match your psychological prowess.."
Tantrum : "ontological recess(all un..)..cause they can only question me in terms of attention thus it holds no relations to my conception of being only the well of it but that's the emotion inflected male(all un..),'emotion : the vaccine of induction'(all un..)"
Perkha(frown) : "it seems you've been through these situations many times(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "will as actually you know time(all un..),as i will and you did this time i'm no more how can you being only my be thus still in need,countering(all un..)..then let me see what you have inside the car..licenses just to say this is me after hi(all un..),papers just to tell the object that you're treating it as a subject this is your professional certificate to deem you as my as you otherwise become me so personally shy(all un..),you hail from a general combat gym..Ah should've been hand combat they understand us they understand us better you're not committed to the head the physical source of spontaneity,spontaneity : the spine of situation(all un..)..countering though it's definitive abstract perception just to use the mind out of the existential notion reflective epistemological emotion(all un..)..then this is an authorized car..indeed indeed so hard it is compeers to own something only to prove it to the others that they are no more my(all un..long time,Brock..MASTER BRATS..THAT FEELING,all un..)..right now i'm in the car see you compeers hence let me get this bed ready..right..see you night(all burst..)..(dozes off).."
..(in the car)..
Pablo(frown) : "right start.."
Tantrum(waking up) : "bus in-transit picking up seeking i meeting hops/on relativity in-transit bus..saying consciousness..till now next's backlog pass..
oh i thought this was..shh..leisure(dozes off)..(all un..long,..A Random Tryrantum,#,..).."
Pablo(bit later,thoughtful) : “where did you hit him Gibbie(all laugh)..” Gibbie(bit scared) : "um..everywhere(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum(waking up) : “from where you thought you were rhymes saw(all burst into laughter)” Gibby(shocked) : “OH NO!(all burst into laughter)..” Student who was driving : “um..sir um the um..wasn't um..full speed..um..(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(angry) : “you alone will pay all our bails(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “an engine Sir always needs to follow a line there holy grails(all burst into laughter)” Pablo(bit concerned) : “man just shut up!(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “..right this is a wheel..don't bother compeer particularity for physique is only proponent's quill(all un..long,Eroteme Opts,#,..)..
uff uff uff uff uff uff uff par uff uff uff uff you uff uff uff uff uff Are uff uff uff uff i uff uff uff..ok thy just ARE..
fare enough you enjoy the rules rather not their meaning..shh..so diversification prone(all un..long,..Remix Own,#,..)..no it was barely about you a few Swalots came around early just the lingering phases physically being in turmoil you know due to showing how to control it for them(all un..)-professional dissatisfaction is this said young Charlie..shh..serene indeed this idea of novelty despite being so thus look serene isn't that but me but the but if can think would tell me to be self of i being only the ego in-SPITE(all un..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..MR SERENE IN-YET-IN-SO-NOT-ME-LOOK-IN-IS-NOW-SPITE,all un..,..MR SERENE IN-SPITE,all un..)..that it moves around you like in smithereens of thoughts though i only have one thought that i'm beyond the void of being thus fall in place of me for attention to zoom on the smithereens of phenomenas served to the intelligence to judge if to collect them or leave all or some of them thus with me the whole my the smithereens if defined as different or noticed gets locked down in a duality through illusion as TIGHT..(all uncontrollably laugh..)” Pablo(scowl) : “hum..Giselle what does he mean(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(smile,tendering Tantrum’s head) : “I’ll tell you that later uncle for now it’s just my big bro to me no more only seem(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “HAIL THE VULTURES ALIGHT!(all burst into laughter)..
Mr Randy you’ve confessed your longing for your psychophysical dissatisfaction hence NOW SEE OUR MIGHT!(all laugh a lot)
ANSWER US NO MATTER THE DELIGHT OR THIS PLIGHT! INDEED compeerS LET’S CEASE PHYSICALLY TOO LOOKING AT THIS AH!DARK NIGHT!..(Pablo in haste,stop the car NOW)..(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter) HEY!
OH Marengo Marengo PLAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Stash cheers for DARK NIGHT : A premier on reflexive tickling,all laugh even more)
Oh Marengo NO YOU Nay!..(all un..) Oh Marengo look at the depth of this psychophysical BAY!(all laugh) Oh Marengo the sky is deeper so now you PARY!(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) Oh Marengo tell us why night falls only with a DAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter) Oh Marengo why beam of hope is deemed in physics as just a collection of RAY!(all laugh shaking their heads) Oh Marengo why wrong posture increases agony even when in sleep you LAY(all laugh a lot) Oh Marengo why a definite person says NO I AM MAY!(all laugh a lot)..
COMRADES COLLEAGUES COMPANIONS CONFEDERATES!(all burst into laughter) HEY!
LOOK NOW Marengo WILL PLAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,all laugh even more)
CAUSE Marengo NEVER NAY!(all burst into laughter,cheers for DARK NIGHTS) CAUSE Marengo LIVES BETWEEN SKY AND BAY(all laugh a lot) SO Marengo ONLY SPELLS PREY!(all burst into laughter) SO HEY! Oh Vultures!
Oh Vultures!
Oh Vultures Vultures Play!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Violet cheers for VULTURE FRONTIER,all laugh even more)
No Vulture DON’T YOU NAY!
Oh Vulture say why vapourization expedites with a SPRAY(all burst into laughter) Oh Vulture why plants grow yet human slips on the CLAY(all burst into laughter) Oh Vulture why meager food given looks big on a plate but not on a trey(all burst into laughter) Oh Vulture no matter dejection or jubilation why one can’t stop strolling any WAY!(all burst into laughter) Oh Vulture why strength is proven only if the resistance does weigh!(all laugh a lot) Oh Vulture now us you better start to again FLAY!(all burst into laughter) Hey! Oh Dragons!
Oh Dragons!
Oh Dragons Dragons PLAY!(all burst into laughter,cheers for AH!UNOVA!CILIVA!) OH DRAGONS NO YOU NAY!(all laugh a lot) OH DRAGONS SPREAD THE UNOVAN BAY!(all laugh a lot) OH DRAGONS YOU’RE CORNERED ELSE SO PRAY!(all burst into laughter) Oh Dragons why one know how the hair turns gray!(all burst into laughter) Oh Dragons tell us why balance never reaches sway(all burst into laughter) Oh Dragons why before race all are told to at a corner STAY(all burst into laughter) Oh Dragons why ego invites one to SLAY!(all burst into laughter) but um..dragons mean..(all laugh)..
YAY!LOOK NOW DRAGONS HAVE COME TO PLAY!(all burst into laughter,cheers for THE ELUSIVE DRAGON)
CAUSE DRAGON TYPES ARE DEFINED AS  NAY!(all laugh a lot) SO INVOKED THE ELUSIVE DRAGON HAS COME UP THROUGH THE BAY!(all laugh a lot) SO JUST HAIL THE DRAGON SPELL PREY!(all laugh a lot,cheers for DRAGONIC LIFE,all laugh even more) HEY!
Oh Vulture Let us PLAY!(all laugh a lot) No Vulture now you can’t NAY!(all laugh) Oh Vulture why assurance or confusion can’t definitely say OKAY!(all laugh a lot)..
Oh Vulture why dourness never associates the inanimate SLEIGH(all laugh a lot) Oh Vulture why excretions helps to grow the grass thus HAY!(all burst into laughter) Oh Vulture why there exists the concept of DEVELOPING OR TURNING IT INTO A NEW WAY(all burst into laughter) Oh Vulture why only the soldier understands the opponent completely only in THE FRAY!(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE VULTURES,all laugh even more) SO HEY!
NO VULTURE GO THROUGH THIS PARTICULAR BUT NOT THOUGH A-WAY!(all burst into laughter)
OH VUTRUE OTHERWISE HOW CAN YOU ASSIMILATE ALL HOPPING ALYWAS CAUSE RELATIVELY NO WAY CAN AT ONE PLACE STAY!(all laugh a lot)
SO NO VULTURE DON’T YOU NAY! NO VULTURE DON’T GO AWAY! OH VUTURE VULTURE STAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears) NO VULTURE VULTURE SAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter) THAT LOOK AT THIS IDEA OF HOMOGENEITY THUS compeerS IT’S THE TIME TO SHINE..(all laugh a lot) HEAR THE MADDENING TUNE OF THIS NONDUAL LIFE..THE LOGISTICS OF THIS DARK NIGHT!(all laugh a lot,Genkai cheers for DARK NIGHT : A DAY IN THE LIFE OF CORPORATE TICKLING,all uncontrollably laugh,tears) ..(Tantrum again dozes off)..
A student breaking the silence a minutes later : “um..Pirrie where are we now(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,..cheers for mega-Reshiram,..)”
Perkha(bewildered) : “just ask the traffic unless you know how rhymes saw(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)”
Giselle(controlling herself a bit) : “um..just ask them the direction to um.. () hospital..(all laugh a lot)”
Pablo(controlling himself now) : “no you all can’t drive let me(all laugh a lot)..” A student(a bit later,still bewildered) : “um..sis where do you think he is now(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(still much puzzled) : “definitely went to chase the obscuring vultures if they know why yielding fields tempts one to rigorously plough(all burst into laughter)/thus action or inaction aren’t of any use before or after they’ve been ceased else one has to ask how(all burst into laughter)” Another student(a bit later) : “should get admitted ourselves too I guess Pirrie(all burst into laughter)” Perkha(bewildered,scoff) : “don’t make him reprise you a..(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “strange is the reason why one thinks never of the target or the arrow in case of beauty but the bow..the intellect of action's console,countering(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)” A student(shocked) : “SIR(all burst into laughter,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)” Giselle(bit concerned now) : “it’s ok I’m seeing him uncle it’s alright(all burst into laughter)” Pablo(frown) : “no it’s ok dear I’m fine(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “take your tour around to relieve the sprouted ones here(all laugh a lot)..they have so much to aspire to Sir never assured is the one who knows those can’t anymore be mine(all laugh a lot)/thus in-between am I stuck as I said of the wrinkles no matter it’s APPEARING MEANING is never a straight line(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..please take rest Randy ok we’ll talk later(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “yeah you’re right ‘mam let their number increase the vultures are already discerned to me..(suddenly turning to the students very thoughtful) as a non-abstract MATTER(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)” Perkha(frown) : “hey don’t scare us okay(all burst into laughter)..Sir it’s ok i can go from here alone unlike these m..(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(frown) : “don’t bother the gym is just here you didn’t notice I stopped..” Tantrum : “cause look at these fighting types Cobalion,Terrakion and Virizion Ah!compeers WATING!they’re awaiting that Flame of Talon isn’t it Sir isn’t it rhyming with Meditite(all burst into laughter)” Perkha(scoff) : “yeah we’ll see how you get your life sorted at Marengo sewages(all laugh a lot)..anyway Sir i'm not coming in the gym tomorrow either this brat has affected me and us too i guess these c.. can't even do a..(all laugh..shaking..)” Tantrum : “affection though is defined as the most desirous CURSE/cause it is indeed how feels the same MENTALLY the driver and the run-over doesn’t matter to that very cunning BUS(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)..(bit louder voice)..ANOTHER DAY FOR KARAPASKAR THEN FOLKS NOT ENOUGH TIME TODAY THEN(all laugh shaking their heads)..uncle lets get a public cab we need to talk I guess the hospital designed didn’t fit in the adjacent plans(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(frown) : “the same way you’re working for your ACTUAL clans(all laugh a lot)” (all get down from the car..) (in a cab,Giselle sits in-front)
Tantrum : “right no I’m ok sweet little hands/sometimes if unaware becomes robber taped bands(all laugh a lot)..anyway my question is why are you so concerned about a NON-PARTISAN sewage worker Sir(all laugh a lot)”
Pablo(frown) : “that word is the reason why(all laugh)” Tantrum : “I don’t believe you’re Ms Giselle’s dad cause you seem younger(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(scoff) : “hey..(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “psychophysicality is what is to be respected because beyond that there’s no SENIOR(all laugh a lot)..”
Pablo(frown) : “I can see your countering package isn’t the handiwork of any wondering junior(all laugh a lot,Gary,Goran,Genkai and Blossom,Goran,Seth,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON)”
Tantrum : “um..no not at all it’s Lastly’s collaboration,Charlie’s perspiration,Strawberry’s appropriation,Daily’s reciprocation,Slalom’s approbation,Shadowy’s propitiation,Simile’s collation,Colony’s expropriation,Curly's propagation,Column's amalgamation and finally Jubilee’s rigorous self deliberation yeah indeed(all burst into laughter)..”
Giselle(frown) : “on your indiscretion COUNTERING(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “the most basic work more insignificant than flushing a toilet for those REGISTERED in scoutering(all burst into laughter)” Pablo(frown) : “so this is how you spoil little kids then Randy hum(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “only possible as you’ve seen yourself now if they think from existence they can’t get their candy(all burst into laughter)..there’s no payment though exactly why it’s beneficial if someone didn’t try to see the heading on the manager’s room thus me being a sweeper there can’t give excuse of my broom hence only routering(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(frown) : “yeah we’re going to see your skills now here we’ve reached..(all laugh)..” Pablo(frown) : “yeah come in SIR(all laugh)” Tantrum : “respect is rather curious by those who wants to break the ELUSIVE BAR(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(frown) : “enough now come in..(Lana comes,very worried)” Lana(worried) : “Pubu where were you Millie is..” Tantrum : “being treated in a room a possible attempt towards CammiSilly strange is this shyness the worst symbol of psychophysicality between a bride and groom..anyway my fervent condolences(all burst into laughter,Stash says,yeah why not Mr Skechit why not,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Pablo(very angry) : “Randy listen..” Lana(shout,tears) : “Pubu this..this scoundrel is the reason then huh you lowlife..(all burst..)..” Giselle(a bit concerned) : “he can treat Millie the best aunty Wolfgang grandpa is the witness disbelieve us not at our risk..(all laugh)” Lana(still very angry) : “you scoundrel what have you done to my Millie..”
Tantrum : "psychologically rather than rationally you meant(all un..)"
Pablo(frown,controlling her) : “it’s ok Lana he himself is injured badly definitely by newly evolved wild Gulpins having disturbed and instigated their process on parallel to his name in defense(al burst..,Gary,Genkai and Blossom,Goran,Seth,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and ...) please before he dies we have to treat her(all laugh)..” Lana(crying) : “this this b..” Tantrum : “if she’s alive and injured MENTALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter) by pokemons then there’s no reason to bother/it’s of no use in case of humans or else for that a monastery is needed the rest is their wise consideration I have no visions which to them is remotely worthy of any bother cause I have no idea why existence ever told me I’m never the other(all burst into laughter)” Pablo(very angry) : “just get going you scoundrel..anyway Giselle stay here it’s ok we’ll be fine(all laugh)” Giselle(self,frown) : “still countered(all burst into laughter)..” some times later later Pablo comes down(bit worried) : “um..Giselle come up Terry sneaked in somehow Randy will totally..(all laugh)..” Giselle(worried) : “yeah coming how’s Millie” Pablo(worried) : “sleeping” ..(just before)..
Lana(very angry,little tears) : “you scoundrel you..Pubu why did you lie even now that he’s injured(all laugh a lot)”
Pablo(frown) : “it’s ok just get us in PLEASE(all laugh a lot)..” all going to Mildred,Terrence was there(sees Tantrum,sternly) : “you brat what have you done..” Tantrum : “I refuse to do anything unless this HOMBRE is shifted attentively(all burst..),the one of classified by sanity as so(all burst into laughter) situating BELOW(all laugh a lot) must be present here and I hope someone of you will have a recorder on cause it’s CammieSilly’s specialty exactly why the being below needs to be above(all laugh a lot) right uncle you can go if this not not male tries to misbehave may he be sued by the hospital staff and biased organizations simultaneously thanks(all laugh a lot) but before that I may want to see the concerned(all laugh shaking their heads)..JUST the name forms don't matter/as they only want to enjoy their names who to them always chatter,countering(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS NAME AND FORM/OH GUZZLE FOR REFERENCE NOT RECURRENCE THUS THIS DUALITY WHOEVER SO INFORM,all un..)” Terry(excited) : “you..(Pablo manages him..)” Lana(frown) : “why are you so hellbent to deepen this matter huh..” Tantrum : “I may faint soon times running out tick-tock/knock knock..what do you mean that flights today won’t run by my clock(all burst into laughter,Violet cheers for THE VULTURES KNOCK,all uncontrollably laugh)..” Pablo(frown) : “no it’s ok his specialty exudes the most if the situation THICKENS(all burst into laughter)..I’ve seen it already don’t worry Lana and Terry please I don’t have to tell you further..and Randy if..” Tantrum : “I wonder why people would read the newspaper exactly while taking a sip(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(scowl) : “yeah you’ll see that bit by bit anyway(all laugh,goes to fetch Giselle)..” Tantrum : “thus indeed i will have to watch the way countering(all un..)..anyhow Hombre don’t disturb me..right,just for information ‘mam is she physically much beaten up somehow by pokemons as you say..” Lana(scowl) : “yes..”
Tantrum : “SO NICE..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..no just a matter of cat and mice don’t bother(all laugh a lot)..but anyhow I’m curious ‘mam because in your profession you’re best trained to remain detached yet this idea of inheritance is a strange arrangement even for someone of your profession too ‘mam that this arrangement is of collaboration only never reciprocation(all laugh shaking their heads)..this idea of a result and it’s eschewing in order to reduce the stress of desire for uncertainty is what makes action untenable isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads,Goran and Seth says yeah why not Mr Skechit why not,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..”
Lana(extremely angry) : “you..”
Terry(trying to hit Tantrum as a few other confronts him) : “you..” Tantrum : “exactly what I said didn’t I..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Lana(frown) : “I see then you’ll say uncertainty is exactly what makes action definable else it’s untenable but uncertainty itself being only the contrast of the certain this idea of validation of nothing to nothing is the crux of this whole being thus it’s intrinsically untenable isn’t it(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “indeed those who understand it falls into the debt of emotion then of neutrality indeed a crisis(all laugh a lot)..”

(lost words@the difference between fostering and affection on inheritance)

(Giselle and Pablo comes up)..I see your soulmate is here too you see Mr Pubu I was telling ‘mam how your ideas have given rise to your inheritance not your orientation of significance(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Pablo(scowl) : “Randy I warn you(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “you see except for you and a few others most of here are trained as medical professional that works with psychophysical assurance while learning it to be best managed non psychophysically(all laugh a lot) thus they only ensure that in duality they remain free of it the inspection of will against the sentimental authority(all laugh a lot)” Lana(scowl) : “yeah enough..” Tantrum : “all in good times ‘mam no rush(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(sternly) : “you..” Tantrum : “years and years of practice Mr Pubu is the background of your entry to start with the accolades just the sweetening of the sour grapes of perfection isn’t it(all laugh a lot)” Pablo(extremely angry trying to grab Tantrum) : “you b..(few tries to control him)” Tantrum : “don’t bother hombres and honoureds when you’re under governance it feels you’re safe yet there’s this exact fretting for the eternal mass/that energy so beautiful defined as emotions yet it’s intangible will it give me the miss thus will pass(all laugh a lot) these words could be insinuating you see the abstract says it’s the eternal lash(all burst into laughter)..” Lana(controlling Pablo) : “Pubu please we’re not getting to any solution with this and he's Guzzle Humdrum in disguise someone you said isn't offend-able only defend-able don't you understand that yourself now(all un..)..” Tantrum : “defined as a resolution of logic that if this is that that is what is indeed this/thus this not male that has come to your jurisdiction Mr Pubu and Doctor Lana is what is defined as delusion exactly to her it’s a matter of understanding if she’s a being how what’s not that she can miss(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(scowl) : “Randy listen..”
Tantrum : “an expectation is defined as the surrender to uncertainty that only with the definition of expectation has risen..anything else..no..thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..right first of all the reason to ask you up here Ms is to ensure that first someone atleast has recorders on(all laugh a lot) you will I understood from your AGITATION(all laugh a lot) second you may want to bear witness to this for INFORMATION(all laugh)..”
Giselle(scowl) : “yeah just move it..”
Tantrum : “right another request you control doctor ‘mam if need be and uncle you set yourself upon that lowlife..(extremely grave)..EXACTLY RIGHT..”
Pablo(frown,after all set up) : “move on..”
Tantrum : “nice piece and calm don’t mind my words if you can’t digest it I’ve no business here neither your daughter/hombre I know your c.. is o.. with s.. seeing the s.. has come here for slaughter but for now just entertain nourishing the h.. around stirring the c.. with your p. Thanks..(all laugh shaking their heads)..don’t mind my words uncle,aunty and not male they are needed you can understand only if you remain calm and let me go to THE END(all laugh shaking their heads)..what do you mean by only so few vultures despite this psychophysical thought through swearing whereas the very basic invitation was so long send(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Violet cheers for ARTISTIC VULTURE COUNTER,all laugh even more)..this not male here I see is just another BEND(all burst into laughter),thus I’ll be happier compeers to ONCE MORE to just ssh.. mercilessly REND(all burst into laughter),it’s exciting cause in the end at the absolute the journey no more tend thanks(all burst into laughter)..again hombre stay calm all c.. aren’t c.. to p.. in thanks..NOT ONE NOT ONE NOT ONE DAMN NEW ENTRY THIS IS INHUMAN!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..yeah just a traffic jam couldn’t discern too much ego too much c.. anyway(all laugh shaking their heads)..well it can be a full Sentry later YES!too err is AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!..thanks man thanks exactly this word proves that you’re more interested in the process of fetching not the thing as in that(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)..let me see Mildred with a wrong spelling,from run of the mill to run to mill to mill the run to mill the dread thus it's wrong completely no wonder is confused as to what is the use of the name or of the jaw,countering(all un..)..and in lexicon Mildred means what hombre(all laugh..lot).."
Terry(scowl) : "gentle strength"
Tantrum : "THE CONGLOMERATION OF OPPOSITES SO ENSUING..shh..THE MOST ENGULFING,in terms of directives though not in difference(all un..)..so that's the thing about the name which the other day i didn't know but what i did come to know is indeed what is here that is this is in gross a pathetic half grown wannabe(all laugh shaking their heads)..if I call him he how could he say he’s not she never a problem though for anyone who stands penultimate in any failing matrimony site founder’s butler post application submission queue and obviously is a Celebi why what's surprising in it what rhyming with Cramorant(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)..anyway ‘mam if this isn’t a suicide attempt then it must be caused by pokemons does this hombre here knows anything about them(all laugh a lot)..no be polite your target is not in mental delight(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Terry(extremely angry) : “Vespiquen JUST THAT you..(conrols himself)..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “I see dual bug/fly..it’s foolishness to know the name cause it’s just your mind reminding you that that you can apply(all burst into laughter)..which one to keep which to supply(all laugh a lot)/in the darkness if light is to apply/it must be shown first how they can’t COMPLY(all burst into laughter)..right ‘mam make sure none creates a noise especially don’t mind my words the d.. s.. of this l..d.. right(all laugh shaking their heads)..this is the right time for the next phase of this DARK NIGHT(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)..for your informations professionals it’s implausible isn’t it unless one knows that the specification in subject wants to remain not in general but in personal(all laugh shaking their heads)..and the only treatment that’s possible then is to ensure that they can go back to this exact point and beyond this the idea of me/else they are left unadulterated as they realize themselves being them the others are never plausible to be deemed to be(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Lana(scowl) : “Jake what is Millie’s state now and is it changing..” Jake(a bit flustered) : “um..I don’t know ‘mam but since the very beginning this person is using innumerable psychic planes to connect to her none of which resembles human(all laugh a lot)” Lana(frown) : “Sirrie..”
Sirrie(a bit flustered) : “um..thus it’s not hypnotic or anything this treatment but as he said and please ‘mam we’re only describing as he said he’s trying to hinder Milli from returning(all laugh a lot,Stash says,as would’ve done any suspicious Ursaring wouldn’t he Mr Skechit wouldn’t he you know the best among first hands,Tracey shaking his head laughing)”
Pablo(very angry) : “look I’m no professional but I tell you Randy if..” Tantrum : “this play ventures into the class of acceptance rejection I’ll take a less sip(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(trying to hit Tantrum) : “you..”
Lana(bit shivering voice) : “Pubu please Millie’s improving somehow(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “equilibrium Sir is the principle behind an arrow and a bow(all laugh a lot)” Pablo(flustered) : “what..but i thought Humdrum was too much for Stash to carry hence this cheap version(all un..)”
Tantrum : “it helps if duality strike you the hardest exactly like Mr Jake and honoured Sirrie are siblings you and ‘mam are not all a channel to mitigate the reaction of the clashing buts(all laugh a lot)..as for Humdrum no if forced to work then rather it will become random than continuous unlike the other times with goals and routes and achievements..only to say i'm so in essence,countering my dissent(all un..)”
Lana(scowl) : “thus your name has taught you these hasn’t it(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)..”
Tantrum : “teaching is untenable ‘mam unless there’s a but(all laugh a lot) Pokemons don’t get human emotions Mr Pubu your inheritance is still trying in false hope to give this idea the shut/thus is still clutching her being in despair to make a nice small hut/exactly what you’re doing here ethically for the best representation of your idea of yourself or the other honestly never a trouble though for any moral nut(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/cause it’s defined in essence as dual yet look at this real cut/that without the other whose another can’t be but shut/from existence due to consciousness needing it as a ball to give it the putt(all laugh a lot)/towards the whole eternal defined strangely by the player defined as a being this whole play thus is only so tell me where’s the but(all laugh a lot,cheer for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..”
Lana(a bit surprized) : “Millie..um..she’s responding to certain planes again(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “hence is a disgrace to sanity(all laugh a lot)..right make yourselves comfortable and I request you ‘mam not to me but to Mr Pubu ask to my stance and movement how to reactively REPLY(all un..)/right all set so yeah compeers HAIL THE VULTURES IMPLY(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..(hand combat stance..)
To Err is indeed what’s so HUMAN..duck(all uncontrollably laugh)
The bullet’s kill a person if there’s no distance between the barrel and the forehead no matter the executioner’s perfection unless it’s a plastic gun..come in(all uncontrollably laugh)
Red is the colour so appreciated by even the sun..turn(all un..)
Look at the rising through the horizon,Halt you’ve breached traffic rules!um..sorry I’m in hurry this is a city this road leads to a less populated area hence pollution gets it proper value in nature and farmers feel pity thus towards freedom of sun I was on the run..lean(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)
Any plants grow up doing so only to appease the hunger of the self now cut this pun..hook(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter)
Appreciate the physique and why give the poor intangibles the shun..block(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)
You’re not revulsions is all that you’ve become..feint(all un..) Thus now if I try to see though it again they’ve become them too thus in abstraction we’re same OH THIS FUN..cross arm(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)
That’s the same reason then of this call Oh hon hon hon..jab(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)
Any slip from reality anyway is a vomit that’s why any attempt towards it is the confession that we’re done done done..bob(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY TANTRUM,all laugh even more)
Thus there’s no way to reach it then thus it’s just nothing reached by oh none none none..clinch(all laugh shaking their heads)
even if it anyhow stinks would anyone give up the feelings of oh stun stun stun..uppercut(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)
no matter how you chew it it’s no more than just your hunger’s satisfactory bun..go out(all laugh shaking their heads)
thus if one doesn’t eat it he’s deemed illogical just the wheel has given another spun..straight(all laugh a lot)
but now look you’ve been stuck no matter where’s the sun sun sun..go out(all laugh shaking their heads)
But if I don’t want that as well being dual who towards whom no matter the intention will be ever on the run run run..jab(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,all laugh even more)..” Mildred(wakes up,very feeble) : “um..yeah..um..rhymes with Druddigon(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum(extremely grave,very high pitch,low voice,hissing as if,as if viciously reproaching Mildred) : “HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing) PERSONALLY THAT’S JUST HOW YOU WANT TO TURN TURN TURN!/cause this irresistible urge to be you has got you completely BURN BURN BURN!/THUS YOU YOURSELF NOW DEVISE YOUR URN URN URN/Objectivity contrasting your abstract state you once more can’t SPURN SPURN SPRUN/but objectivity only wants the abstraction else it can’t validate itself as pointing to something that means something else thus abstraction it can’t stop to CHURN CHURN CHURN/thus again even if you do give it up you get back to abstraction again now way worse than objectivity to pit yourself the thirst against without any job to EARN EARN EARN/thus this thirst of being can’t go no matter birth or death unless on your idea of this whole you become STERN STERN STERN/thus oh my dear being about you I don’t give a DERN DERN DERN(all laugh a lot,cheers for STRAWBERRY Facepalm,all laugh even more,Gary shakes his head laughing) Mildred(still very feeble,very dejected as if crying) : “then..it’s all..the yearn..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum(normally) : “that’s the unavoidable CONCERN CERN CERN(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mildred(bit happier) : “um..yeah rhymes with um..like..Grou..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum(even more brutally): “HUSH!GENERALIZATION!..(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Mildred(happy,trying to be a bit more jubilant) : “um..DRAGONS YES DRAGONS!DRAGONS!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Seth cheers for OH DRAGONS DRAGONS SAY/NO DRAGONS DRAGONS PLAY!,all laugh even more)..(almost dozes off again)..but um..it's also called the play all this but um..then the yearning the concern still the elusive dragon um..the illusion if a play..um..still the untyped dragon like..um..(all un..)”
Tantrum(thumping..) : "MAFSOPILEFUNTERAMLON!(all un..)..(clapping very loudly)..
OH MY ME..DO YOU NOW DANCE WITH THEE(all un..)/OH MY ME..DO YOU NOW ASK THE QUESTION TO ANSWER THY THUS THE QUESTION ANSWERS ME WITHOUT CONSIDERING MY THUS IN A SPREE(all un..)/OH MY ME..DO YOU NOW TO ME AGREE(ALL UN..)/OH MY ME..AGAINST MY SELF THE BULLY WOULD YOU LEAVE ME AND TO MY FLEE(all un..)/Luna La..La..La La La La..you come as thee(all un..)/Luna La..La..La La La La as me unless my will flee(all un..)/Luna La..La..La La La La..feelings tell me to look at them and now add with look this see(all un..)/Luna La..La..La La La La..hence i bully my as thee(all un..)/specify..oh what's moral then definition say what's honesty(all un..)/elude thus..you look me by ethics of duality(all un..)/that i lie..that i'm me as you else cannot see(all un..)/but then when i become you..you become the same dreadful me(all un..)/thus now try..to be real that's the play of be(all un..)/hence to be..now you FIGHT..to be just thee(all un..)..
linguistics is fruitless here compeer..hence let it be(all un..)..Hoopa Pa..Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa..self look at me(all un..)/Hoopa Pa..Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa..what's then is thee(all un..)..look Luna La La La La La La you duality(all un..long time)/Ray Qua ZA ZA ZA ZA illusion only expects the nature not the type of me(all un..)..Luna La La La La La La oh Qualia(all un..)/Say Luna La La La La La La meaning being's inertia(all un..)..thus Luna La La La La La Daru Maka(all un..)/Staravi vi AH AH AH AH Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo PA(all un..).."
Mildred(smile,feeble,almost dozes off) : "um..yeah like..um..rhyming with self sufficiency of water in me the Manaphy..night(all un..).."
Tantrum : "Mana Phy Phy Mana Mana Man just say me(all un..)/Catter prie..prie..see see see see just is calling me(all un..)/being being..look now is moving down to self the route of me the tree(all un..)/thus be fight against myself to be you now oh fight now look is just fighting as me(all un..)..says Hoopa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa whose whose i oh you now see(all un..)/ask what is what now look just the playing..ME(all un..)..right..
Vulture Vulture..why are you asking of the path to be(all un..)/Vulture Vulture..tell me without thee why to be me(all un..)/Vulture Vulture..now see what have you done to but also as me(all un..)/that this idea of duality..is to counter me(all un..)..but when i came here advertisement came..i only have to see/that if you were honest..now look illusion cheated itself as usual trying to be me(all un..)..Guzzle Guzzle oh being..yourself as that you can do..now you see(all un..)/Humdrum Humdrum of being..to testify it don't you try to further nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..long time,..Guzzle Humdrum,all un..).."
Terry(Tantrum completely self absorbed and humming the same rhyme doing combat and body movement sometimes clapping sometimes dancing without jumping a bit,all bewildered,Terry is very confused but somehow checks Mildred) : "um..it we heard if asked properly the Master Brats describe why it's called opportunity like they like always irritate being to be self just as he said if they are then this they do just to be countering(all un..,..MASTER BRATS)..it's ok.."
Tantrum(normally now) : "hence i said hombre why are you wasting my equanimity asking how to be happy happy me(all un..)..(back to the happy state)..oh Humdrum Humdrum if so you know to Guzzle i the source from you..why then nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..Humdrum Humdrum oh you guzzle..trying to be(all un..)/humdrum humdrum you now guzzle duality in reflection why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..
la la la la la la la..humdrum humdrum me(all un..)/la la la la la la la guzzle guzzle thee(all un..)/la la la la la la la humdrum humdrum thee(all un..)/la la la la la la la guzzle guzzle me(all un..)..
random random now you guzzle..humdrum humdrum me(all un..long time)/random random now you muzzle..puzzle puzzle me(all un..)..
meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning me(all unn..)/meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning what you said now you in self just see(all un..)/meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning me(all un..)/meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning see(all un..)..(continues for a prolonged time).."
Terry(similarly bewildered state,after sometimes somehow) : "um..but Hologram and Phantom seems so similar compeer but Popcorn and Lantern rather opposing coins of same being why(all un..)..um..no we heard the major four paths in the unbinding like analysis,synthesis,inaction and devotion is it like that and the fifth is always called automated suffering(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum(normally) : "may be compeer but we don't know about any such it's for philosophers they have to be honest to their profession of being so(all un..)..what we know is that,Popcorn of this/Hologram help my(all un..)/Phantom looks on/Lantern shadows thy(all un..)..countering thus Humdrum of duality Guzzle saying illusion your ensuing part is me thus to you hallow never hi,countering though just to try(all un..)"
Terry(similar state) : "um..yeah but um..this i know compeer but existence is like..um..asked me why(all un..)"
Tantrum : "just to call you conscious thus events of categories in question and answer to discussion say hallow never hi(all un..)..anything else(all un..).."
Lana(now back to senses goes to check Mildred,very worried) : “Millie..(checks her)..(shout)..you scoundrel why is she asleep again(all uncontrollably laugh,tears fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all laugh even more)..” Tantrum : “natural but it ain't no she at this juncture compeer it's dishonest to call this being so now hence just compeer(all laugh a lot)..this being was trying to connect with certain pokemons a fools paradise thus gave her a link with dragons rest she will herself discern else it’s of little use to follow the path of AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!(all burst into laughter,cheers for DR JACKAL,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing) 
Lana(very agitated) : “what do you mean by herself will discern huh! When will she be awake..(all burst into laughter)”
Tantrum : “when finishes her EMOTIONAL CAKE simple but can’t you remake(all burst into laughter)..”
Lana(extremely agitated) : “you..(Giselle controls her)..” Tantrum : “you’re a doctor ‘mam a psychiatrist you will be able to do this part better than any egotistical vagabond don’t worry but the relations doctors here I atleast will vote for no confidence on them cause if they can’t provide this most basic necessity then indeed a dosage of education they should be facilitated with around VICINITY(all laugh a lot) this is a serious matter at this rate it will be very hard for pokemons and good trainers or any other direct professionals to continue at 9 cities no matter against whom there’s a social chatter(all laugh) it’s about none else absolutely who is related to her cause of this profession but exactly and only the relations doctors this isn’t lack of knowledge but pure ego to defy new additions in the books cause certain so and sos’ can’t prove it right despite their celebrated knowledge it’s a real pity(all laugh)..she is remaking her cake of causality once more ‘mam thus jumped back to the point from where she started but because she returned once and went back means she’s out of danger of reality the condensed sadness for her would’ve been only unless she knew it’s implausible any duality which only she could know thus it’s useless to cure anyone cause they’re getting more unwell each moment due to the definition of definition being dual her premise of logic that’s logically unreal(all laugh a lot) hence different options can be given else she would’ve herself found it out may be here or not in any human term but up there in undefinable heaven(all laugh shaking their heads) it the crux of illusion  her return to both places making it assured to herself that both are existent consciously now traversing thus ever on move never satisfied in reaching through mathematics of comparison six or seven(all laugh a lot) this unhappiness to be anywhere or the subsequent adjustment to only go somewhere is the idea of space only in relation to itself thus needing what it’s not consciousness tells the opposite hence both are implausible as dual thus she is only definable in real that she wants to chew again thus jumped back there only to play in six but from the seventh of the comparable heaven(all laugh a lot) if wasn’t to do so would’ve asked me to ensure the difference once more between hat and mat/her disposition mental(all laugh a lot) would’ve revealed her detachment unlike this case when she asked me so ensure the difference of rat and cat(all laugh a lot) if it was me before I could I ask the vultures should’ve objected that I have fallen into the ethereal grass(all laugh a lot)/how can you return with the idea of the same state from reality thus fight again from duality this FIGHT compeers is indeed what’s brass/cause anything that’s dual won’t be real says the vigilance against it thus anything thus is either the best or crass/beyond this effervescent nature of condolence belies the sorrow the state full of joy cause that without sorrow strangely you can nether ever enter nor ever pass..BEHOLD NOW VULTURES PHYSICS SAYS CONSERVATION OF ENERGY THE DISSATISFACTION IS IN EQUILIBRIUM WITH YOU THE DUAL MASS(all burst into laughter,..)..right this may help her for recycling once more sorry for the gross expenses but psychophysical state being contradictory to itself time strangely like knowledge defined as a flux will have to pass(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Lana(extremely angry,crying) : “you b.. where is she going(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “direction being surreal the causality as I said she herself assuming herself to be real will again trespass(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) else this idea will be upended or made implausible what in the end ‘mam that matters the most is WHAT THE VULTURES ARE TELLING ME OF DUALITY HOW CAN SHOW WHAT’S NOT THIRST(all laugh a lot) the answer is exactly what all of us are doing is that anything that’s deemed as subject becomes the object unless the categorization that’s best termed as logical sanity out of pressure of logic itself ssh..COMPLETELY BURST(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(grabbing Tantrum,very emotional) : “you..”
Lana(bit shivering voice,emotional) : “Millie..”
Terry(a bit puzzled,trying to control Pablo) : “um..uncle please that’s the only way to return from the general energy of specific mass um..like the elegance of professional silence from the exuberance of personal hush um..like a Professional VULTURE..(all un..,Genkai and Blossom cheers for..OH VULTURE VULTURE PLAY/NO VULTURE DON'T YOU NAY/BEFORE GOING WHY I HAVE TO COME TO ME NOW SAY,all un..,Cedar and Gladys..OH MEANING VULTURES VULTURES PLAY/NO BEING VULTURES VULTURES SAY!,all un..)..”
Tantrum : “that it’s impossible for logic to discern itself as tragic cause it’s not defined as dual hence SEE THIS REAL MAGIC(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)..
THAT OH VULTURES VULTURES PLAY!(ALL LAUGH A LOT) OH VULTURE SAY
THAT WITH MAGIC YOU’VE DISCERNED YOURSELF AS THE EGO THUS HAVE FALLEN IN THIS DUAL BAY!(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Goran,Stash and Seth laugh a lot)
BUT OH VULTURES IN THERE SANILITY COMES AS THE ETERNAL COMPARISON THUS NOW YOU FRAY!(all laugh a lot)
NO VUTURES VUTURES SAY!..that look at this idea of struggle you can’t get out of me and mine..but if they are indifferent to each other in gross and emotions then mentally it’s so fine(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..the idea of these 4 abstract lines..line thus gross thus in and abstract thus indifferentiable thus of this DARK NIGHT(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Goran and Seth cheer for adventurous tickling,all un..)..anything else..no..thanks(all laugh a lot,cheers for master brat)”
Lana(controlled) : “you’re staying here till she’s out of danger..” Tantrum : “you assistants present here that aren’t doctors haven’t reached that height for the sole reason why a hall of famer can’t work as a ranger(all laugh a lot)..it’s hard to remain separate form politeness while you come across a STRANGER physioverbally though(all burst into laughter)” Lana(frown) : “that if she becomes a professional in this game that you’ve introduced her to..” Tantrum : “objection ‘mam this game of logic indeed so subtle/can’t be perceived unless the player by own self feels that any feeling being defined as a pointer to something else that points to this feeling only indeed does rattle(all laugh a lot)..hence the other is incongruous ever unless the perceiver with herself isn’t in a BATTLE(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING)..just the idea of affection ‘mam a few requires more beating cause they love you more that’s your mind alone in single appearing as multiple compared to the idea that multiplicity entails itself ever into that’s the singular herd of plurality deemed single as cattle(all laugh a lot)” Lana(scowl) : “so she has to circumvent this sordid state of circularly defined thus never ending hence against sanity this futile battle(all laugh a lot)..no don’t bother thus will give it up and become someone like you name suggests A RANDOM TRYRANTUM you’re only out as the agent to give them the right platform to show their METTLE(all laugh a lot,cheers for VULTURE DEALER,..) and know it’s only they themselves as you said and the cycle of definition itself will confirm that at no moment of duality can you stop battling it thus giving it up is indeed the fighting of the fight itself that is never existent hence indeed SUBTLE(all laugh a lot,Seth,Goran,Gary cheers for AS I’M THE TRACEY OF SUBTLETY,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey too un..)” Tantrum : “it’s called the acknowledgment of the source that you’re most familiar with having done your thesis’ and degrees/entailment is natural due to causality alas the voice of one becomes hoarse that’s two how could I to me upended as he or she never indeed agrees(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,..)” 
(All shout at Tantrum..(all laugh..lot))
Tantrum : “see this is why why saying that this EDUCATION of COMPASSION is indeed so sweet that it becomes coarse to the being hence diabetes of emotion ever threaten the body of mind from the very first inception through comparison of right and wrong strangely mind itself is defined as that idea of flower which is only contrapositive to be existent as thus to the idea of elution characterized only thus by the spatiotemporal bees(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Goran cheers for TOO SWEETIE,..)..THUS BEHOLD NOW INDEED HAS COME THE VULTURES WHO SHOULD ASK ME WHAT HAPPENS TO THE ILLUSION THE BASIC TREE TO ANSWER THEM THIS NOT MALE BEING TREATED HERE COULD BUT THUS ONLY DUE TO IT’S PRESUMPTION PRESENT ALREADY NEVER SHOULD SAY THAT IT’S FOR THE SIGHT ONLY SO HEAVENLY STRANGELY THE SPECTACLES IN ANY FORM DOESN’T EVER SEE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Terry(flustered) : “um..thus she shouldn’t come back to say anything else but you’re never me..um..(all burst into laughter)”
Tantrum : “that’s the concern hombre for you mentally cause you are a few l.. behind still to her c.. that you only deemed to be too j.. enough for your t.. to be categorized as how hence PHYSICALLY can you be thee(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Lana(scowl) : “thus the idea of physique to you is an excuse only to say in abstraction there’s no she or he..”
Tantrum : “ECCENTRIC!(all burst into laughter) hence give up this sanity of one to be dually FREE(all laugh a lot) any tree can be of many forms form is what it can’t forgo no matter not being so or even if they want to BE(all laugh a lot) hence give up this idea of illusion cause it’s not present due to being defined so thus the validation to be irrespective of illusion itself dual or opposite to be FREE(all laugh a lot,cheers for FIGHT IN LIFE SO FIRE THIS LIFE,..)”
Jake(a bit concerned) : “um..’mam Millie is much stable now though not yet out of danger(all laugh a lot)..”
Sirrie(flustered) : “and um..it’s as this person is saying she is as if getting re-accustomed to normal human planes yet forsaking each moment they try to appear as the harbinger(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “that’s the fight of inexistent hence implausible thus only managed on the rims of the range fame starts to challenge you only if you’re too cunning thus too vulnerable due to being abundant in discernment thus despondent at the state of existence thus having the view of both the sides of the brink is deemed a ranger mentally though(all laugh a lot)”
Pablo(frown) : “and that’s what you’ve been doing for years by now I guess given that demo(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “that’s the scandal of being singular yet living in place defined a bachelor’s mess mentally that is but what does this moment mean to your beau mentally though(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Pablo(scowl) : “you scoundrel..”
Tantrum : “um..affirmation Sir with the addendum that this is an ETHICAL situation for both of you who should listen to the other DEFEND this matter(all uncontrollably laugh)..no don’t bother this one is never established as well defined else no matter the physical difference the lack of emotion would’ve made this bond of appearing singularity DUALLY SHATTER(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,..)..WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THIS PLAY OF WORDS INS’T DECIPHERED PROPERLY THAT IT’S INEXISTENT THUS EXISTS ONLY IN CONTRADICTION WITH ITSELF THUS IT’S INEXISTENCE IS ALSO SUBJECT OF EXISTENCE THUS APPEARING AS INEXISTENCE TO CONTRADICT ITSELF ONCE MORE TO VALIDATE THUS I CAN COGITATE THE LOGIC NOW WHILE PAYING YOU LATTER(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Violet cheers for THE VULTURES CHATTER,..)”
Lana(scowl) : “this is called Evistrabosmor syndrome a mental disease that you i’m assured can’t be cured of as it’s defined as contradicting the self via emotions not mind thus this outburst and strange behaviours unlike those gone forward where and whenever self MATTERS(all laugh a lot)..i was confirmed as no matter how amused we all were your then too much exultation and this fight against it's reaction where you volunteered to calm down JUST TO BE COUNTERING(all un..)”
Tantrum : “means if you want to be sane that you must shatter/strangely this sanity of absence to the mind of those whom you mentioned never will batter(all laugh a lot)..thus only to them indeed we cater/that we’re existent as holistic hence being conscious of it we are alone cause of being one entailing thus ever being many the entailment of which will tell us of them only that for us to be same it’s the natural entailment but the maddening enticement is indeed what hinders no matter resisting the present thus deemed only in respect to that as past in future when at present it’s deemed with thus changed verb yet same tense as LATTER(all laugh a lot)..”
Pablo(scowl) : “thus sanity you can’t fight the born as fighting look you’ve fallen right into tatters(all laugh a lot)”
Tantrum : “THUNDURUS!(all burst into laughter)..no they aren’t misbehaving just recognizing the non duality between limits defined cause(all laugh a lot) of the domain itself present homogeneously thus erasing all limits like this DARK NIGHT they are only cogitating the ineffectiveness of this dual STIMULUS(all laugh a lot) it’s strange though ‘mam will know Mr Pubu how works everywhere despite the result being null as due to the definitions of difference and integrity being subsumed in the same body of existence conscious to this itself thus only it works in duality as that’s defined never without reality that’s only possible if both are eschewed perceivable from duality or reality itself thus sorry my bad i’ve only heard of the mathematical chapters never could learn the subtleties of ABSTRACT CALCULUS(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,..,Tracey laughs a lot)..*..
Lana(scowl) : “in another term without the accessories you would’ve had to(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “that’s the sad part of this birth ‘mam we’re fortunate indeed this term to be relieved from understanding how to differentiate ourselves physically from another then fret in the darkness of mind emotionally you who(all burst into laughter)” Lana(scowl) : “thus only you’re so nonchalant having mastered the art of disintegration of bro and beau(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “cause the preceding difference only veils a very cunning shrew(all burst into laughter)..” Lana(scowl) : “that if I try to be I can’t get past you..mentally that is(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “SUPRA-NATURAL!(all burst into laughter)..hence only it’s absolutely logical to not think of cure unless one deems the self to be suffering from DISEASE(all burst into laughter)..hence this process of hindrance you see when self contradiction breaks away what’s left is best deemed in your profession ‘mam as the absence of those categorized mentally a few tizzies(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for master brat)” Lana(frown) : “and you expect everyone to express the same ideas in this language(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “the incremental degradation of assurance of mental silence in order to get it validated giving it the emotional assuage(all burst into laughter)” Lana(frown) : “thus you’ll contradict yourself in every step(all laugh)” Tantrum : “METAPHORIC!(all burst into laughter)..in the absence of stagnating duality thus existence our consciousness won’t mix with thus none to each other can help(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..those forward eschew any duality but you see we’re not that lifted thus have to use it to contradict the redirecting self(all laugh a lot)” Lana(frown) : “hence this state of existence only God can help(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “which will be received and operated mentally to self(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(frown) : “thus my profession and the rest and everything is revalidated only to be chewed up again and again to come back to this same point just for play yielding this excruciating mental agony as the LEADING RAY(all laugh a lot,cheers for LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)” Tantrum : “else it will lead us into the point where we want to be this desire you see is defines itself only as I also may(all burst into laughter)” Lana(frown) : “thus this is a normalized path leading nowhere without sanity there’s no need to say okay(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “axiomatically(all burst into laughter)..there’s a paradox you know that a person is there who drinks if anyone does(all laugh a lot)..it’s all for the great logicians you know the forerunners to anything exploratory(all laugh a lot) but out of them a few will ever question the soundness of difference being defined as exception to what it’s not cause then it never lasts(all burst into laughter)..there is a question may be then indifference is the same then exactly the point of it saying illusion this self contradictory nature is of no essence the answer is I was only showing a CAST(all laugh a lot)..this sanity you know upon mind is the finest DUST(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/cause it wants to be a being something the mind says effectively can’t be unless what it’s not it won’t mingle with as a MUST(all laugh a lot)..thus it’s absolutely okay if everything is here except the difference defined as what consolidates indifference by a detour the question no more comes to the undifferentiable being if it ends at all what to speak of slow or fast(all laugh a lot)..anyway ‘mam her states aren’t changing anymore cause she’s only struck at the gateway of cognition if i’m indeed a being how can to it itself I always cling thus trying to leave this term VERY NICE(all laugh shaking their heads) but only to re-imagine it cause being is defined as the embodiment of this duality of existential confusion of the conscious hush hence will return here in FORESEEABLE future(all laugh a lot) no more a matter of surmise..thus though due to the uncertainty of validated assurance cause validation is possible only if uncertainty exists thus in the uncertainty of validated affirmation she can’t stay here for long in this dual DISGUISE(all laugh a lot)..anyhow ‘mam for further information she was trying to play with fire some learns some burns she if does this again unless my talks have been recorded she may take any path but if after listening to this excluding this part she doesn’t it will mean exactly as I said in the beginning a pathetic wannabe will be huge out of profession ‘mam the views of everyone won’t be same to reality this all including Randy Tantrum is nothing but lame and it’s that what she is thanks..the language I use before of after have  A MEANIG compeerS SPECIALLY FOR ALL OF EVERYONE INCLUDING YOU BUT HOMBRE IT’S ESPECIALLY FOR YOU(all laugh shaking their heads)..what do you mean by I can’t subsume one account by another cross banks this is SUBHUMAN!(all burst into laughter,Tracey uncontrollably laughs)..by-the-way Hombre I’ll be down the stairs to have a drink with the garage staff mental they are(all laugh a lot) come if you have some left after you’ve satisfied your d.. with enough s.. with those h.. glares bye..(all laugh shaking their heads)..oh yeah not male do consult the mathematics behind by ideas to check the validation of it that I happened to gibberish here on psychophysics throughout at school one time i was known as someone oh so shy(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..thus never understood how to approach anything defined as a being regardless of biological life as hallow or hi(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..no..thanks(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT,..)..(goes away)” Pablo(frown) : “have the methods worked(all un..)..” Lana(after checking Mildred) : “um..yeah must be better now her breathing etc have calmed down somehow what that lowlife said is true indeed in metaphors that once she stopped discerning anything as my isn’t questioning anymore thus returning very fast to what she is born with the normal view and the thirst to test it an existential plane with me and thy(all laugh a lot)” Pablo(bit relieved) : “whatever is she out of danger now..” Lana(scowl) : “ask that scoundrel not me(all laugh a lot)..I can take over after another point when it becomes GROSS only(all laugh a lot)..(sarcastic)..RHYMES SAW(all burst into laughter)” Terry(angry) : “he won’t aunty..”
Pablo(frown) : “no you yourself aren’t ok dear it’s alright we know what is what Terry don’t bother(all laugh a lot,cheers for CHOICED BRATS)..”
Giselle(frown) : “um..if I go I will be abjectly sweared again and won’t say anything so I think it’s ok Terry it’s ok uncle I think so but the recorders..(all burst into laughter)”
Pablo(frown) : “fare enough here’s mine Lana you yourself go(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(scowl,taking the recorder) : “hum..countering(all laugh a lot)..let’s go Terry..(all laugh).."
..(Lana and Terry goes downstairs)..
Giselle(a bit thoughtful) : "um..uncle were those legitimate moves(all un..,..SOCIETY,all un..)"
Pablo(frown) : "certainly was technically useless atleast no matter the figure(all laugh..lot)..it was just as he says the meaning Giselle you surely have understood just his own self inflicted foolishness as ever(all laugh..lot).."
Giselle(smiling..) : "um..may be just fought Millie's fight himself"
Pablo(a bit surprised) : "um..may be but still(bit concerned)..he won't fight all the time and this game is too maddening as he says for Millie you know that too(all laugh..lot)..beside he is the one selling them to fight again and again by all possible endless means as you know exactly like any Kommo-O(all laugh..lot).."
Giselle(a bit thoughtful) : "um..yeah it's like so horrendously charming if these words mean anything except just the meaning of like..countering as Guzzle Humdrum would say(all un..)"
Pablo(bit concerned) : "atleast this is a civilized version(all burst..,Goran and Seth..EDUCATION,all un..).."
Giselle(smiling..) : "um..ok uncle i must inform mom of here just coming.."
Pablo(smile) : "yeah dear and take rest too it's been a hassle"
Giselle(smile) : "um..yeah ok.."
..(Giselle goes out and rings Pallet Police)..
Police : "Ms Giselle Jiplem,from () Colony Bosangria daughter of Mr Darius and Alberta Jimplem..greeting..this is Pallet Police.."
Giselle(bit excited..) : "um..thanks Sir you may know all the circumstances by now but i found something relatively rare i believe but i just wanted to confirm if Guzzle Humdrum in any incarnation ever talks about the unbinding paths(all burst..)"
Police : "yeah there are plenty of such occasions 'mam you chose in full faith to society our authorities who enacted us(all un..)"
Giselle(very angry) : "shut up you b..(all un..) it always will come down to your PROCEDURAL tussle for money won't it(all un..)"
Police : "we wish it were 'mam as much as we wish you will sit for our recruitment exam someday(all un..,..PALLET HUSH,all un..),anyway for archives a small..(all un..,..BANDITS OF MORALITY,all un..)"
Giselle(angry) : "DONATION..that's to Police who works via waves these days(all un..) thanks for spoiling my mood you b..(cuts off)..(all un..)"
Junior Police(angry) : "no Sir enough with this that b.. is b.. with Mr Wolfgang's grandson hence so much ego(all laugh..lot).."
Pallet Police Head(frown) : "secure the recorder that's the meaning of the resulting RELATIONSHIP(all un..) if you don't understand unlike what your compeers are doing you'll track Doctor Slate for a day as a holiday a day so only IN THOSE FEELINGS..BYE(all un..,..DASHING DASHING ROCK,Brock shakes..)"
..(downstairs)..
Doctors(treating Tantrum who is badly hurt) : “man you’ll be killed soon you know” Tantrum : “a sickle if supple becomes a hoe meaning countering(all burst into laughter)..” Doctor(laugh) : “yeah surely(all laugh).."
Tantrum : "you're treating all with much care compeers who feeds you certainly not Bosangria Corporation of all places i guess(all laugh..lot)..i've been there for an interview they said they didn't need a volunteer just at the exchange of staying at the sewage outlet and leftovers not being thrown out i said fare enough then went to the actual sewage site they admit me saying of the corporation that this is the trouble of meticulousness if without assurance does sprout(all un..)..they told me they'll employ me without giving me any instruments i said ofcourse but then i can only clear the city garbage they became angry said go help yourself(all un..),i said but that's what they themselves know they said no there has been much fuss among the workers here they demand this and that so we would've send you there just to let time PASS(all un..),i said ok i'll do as you say they celebrated saying finally we've done what all only dreamt of saying if i were too them then i may(all un..),but then when i went to the place the workers were very angry but then they were told of this victory they went to celebrate but after that they said let us work with more joy and all then two young ones among them said countering they were so mad after a day long celebration as i heard they told me to get everything payed i said that's all that i've been saying why if i do the saying thus if i do so why can't you than at all say(all un..)..but this whole system i thought was too much corporate hassle if it was peer-to-peer they would've told me to go to the workers strange are these processes of dually moral commitments(all un..)"
Doctor(laughing..) : "um..yeah we don't anymore just guess(all laugh..lot)..but no um..we're well paid by all means 'mam and Sir both are very compassionate about things they had nothing as kids hence always recalls that.."
Tantrum : "oh so sweet(all un..)..but the problem of arrangements is that their daughter is getting the existential whip of emotional negligence you may know better mathematically(all laugh..lot).."
Doctor(a bit thoughtful) : "um..no i don't know much but she comes here and does some stuffs very sweet person she is.."
Tantrum : "could be been between personal nourishment and ethical diffusion the intellectually factual conduit,the most entertaining(all un..)"
Doctor(laughing..) : "well may be(all laugh..lot)..(sees Lana who is the founder of the Hospital)..um..’mam..” Lana(scowl) : “what is the concern with him(all laugh)” (Doctors detail her) Lana(frown) : “I see fare enough(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “surely hombre they take care enough..any need to specify your preferred physical designation(all laugh a lot)” Lana(frown) : “yeah ironically and no i understand the sort of ideas you represent albeit countering(all un..,..A Random Tryrantum,#,..)..”
Tantrum : "feasibly..counter mere anagram..never alone ever simultaneously(all laugh..lot)..he was saying how you and Sir do these things as your own but i was saying thus emotion of others becoming them on your own den keeps a tab of the metaphorical drone,countering you know productivity of being ALONE(all un..)"
Lana(scowl) : "Millie's life is none of your business ok don't think.."
Tantrum : "no i just said what i saw blink hombre it's not good for beings of generality to be fed specificity unless they've hacked the personal metabolism of what now at Cerulean is being deemed as Lillie flower(all un..,..LILLIE FLOWER)..and even in that case this being got the nourishment and the providers were addicts of justice we saw always asked them to commit but that's what they were refusing us the opportunity,for sufficiency of society such compassion,such insight(all un..)..but this being got that from the leading one there now literally is going to but won't be long though security to any character makes it a habit entailing logic in it's characteristics not mere causal rigour(all un..) thus has to be again dealt with if that's the whole necessity like this case hence will engineer a way out to go after characters like Ms Volbeat is doing though from a different perspective but these were Lillie flower's providers and the later versions are anyway useless for any mathematical formulations cause they can perfectly assume but abjectly fail to get that to analysis subsumed(all un..)..metaphorically though not reliably(all un..) in Popcorn's language like the connoisseur of art knows what to expect but can't say if it meant for beauty or beauty did it just UNBOUND,countering logic's moral sound(all un..)"
Lana(frown) : "i see,she does work here among the care givers"
Tantrum : "for them compeer for them not for own self thus they on self ever gets found hence slipped the other time as i said yet knows things of execution hence asked of the devotional path..the only requirement is you saying against what is you vigil compeer what inductive ceiling makes you to categories of intensity rebound(all un..)..shh..particulars in order to infinity..shh..the most ASTOUNDING(all un..)"
Lana(frown) : "the only difference is that we won't be able to say you can work hard and honest too compeer and achieve peace and happiness holistic then add with that tone the most sufficing(all un..)"
Tantrum : "as you're voidness officiating indeed(all un..)"
Lana(scowl) : "that we're overseeing voidness rather than fullness.."
Tantrum : "none of those can be observed compeer as long as you know them(all un..)..it means you're advocates of self sufficiency yet by your method you're only telling you to be self less..shh..the most OPPOSING(all un..)..it works stupendously for particulars as i said not your inheritance this being knows there's funeral after death something as this compeer was saying both you and your complement lacked at your inherited age hence(all laugh..lot)..may i know that i died..shh..the most CONSIDERING(all un..).."
Lana(frown) : "see Pubu didn't have things to eat i had that hence this profession else wouldn't have been able to afford it but i had 2 sisters both died.."
Tantrum : "metaphysically fried(all un..)..you know many cosmologies from now just as you asked from the question when(all un..) Lastly would've added tense became Phantom(all un..) i'll have to provide a service for some people but i can't be proud of it till i require maintenance compeer,maintenance : the yielding derivability,countering productivity(all un..)..to be the most SUFFIXING(all un..)..anyway the service was to kill them at a cost of an amount but no time did i kill them did they become alive in my emotion only mind except when i was killed you know then i thought being them now i feel so self acclaimed unlike before compeer only proclaimed that this is honesty this is it's actuation(all un..)..that i can feel them now..
OH I CAN FEEL IT COME IT'S IN THE AIR THIS NIGHT..AM I ASKING MIGHT..OH VULTURES MEANING YOU HYPE(all un..)/AND I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT FOR ALL ME LIFE..JUST TO BE IN FRIGHT..OH VULTURES INSIGHT YOU HYPE(all un..)..
so i thought ok next time before doing something i'll ask are you already my(all un..).."
Lana(scowl) : "i see how many times have you taken part in my situation.."
some patient's relative(very worried) : "um..mam i'm very sorry.."
Tantrum : "but oh my/wants to be me oh Vultures try(all un..)/but the repercussions say hi/just to be now conserving ego become my(all un..)..oh i can feel it come death's in the air of life..of my life..look me the vulture sight(all un..)/and i've been waiting for this moment for all me life..thus no more life..oh me why my the vulture foresight(all un..)..yeah you all may go i will require treatment when i can no think so,countering in essence your verb of duality just as you go(all un..)..so that i can construe me to be my..what can i do if no more thy..shh..the most DISCOMBOBULATING(all un..)"
Relative1(bewildered,showing the doctors the identity) : "um..but i thought they weren't doing enough.."
Tantrum : "enough : the appreciation of dispense(all un..)..they're doing just that compeer but if they're physically neglecting then revenge is what you're thinking but you should think about that as constructive..construction : the suspension of logic's introspection,countering rigour : situation's medication(all un..).."
Lana(scowl) : "please 'mam give me the id i'm checking..(checks)..no it's ok you're tensed calm down please my daughter is admitted here as well very serious case i understand this personal thing all the more now too more than before 'mam please calm down we're doing all we can about treatments you don't worry we'll see things later not now.."
Tantrum(cheerful..) : "HYPNO(all un..)!..oh Gyre Gyre distribution(all un..)/oh Gyre did you think you're in a combination(all un..)/Oh Gyre now looks up satiation(all un..)/oh Gyre now reads it saying to share..approximation(all un..).."
the lady(sad) : "um..no it's not that but my son died recently too he was a social worker beside being doing his service always worked so much we both are suffering from () for long now it's.."
Tantrum : "suspicion(all laugh..lot)..let's assume that you're ALONE with vultures of rendition feeding off you just so they can be oh so true(all un..) what would you do except for being submissive anxious devoted cheerful or anything else tell me compeer if you can find one without a recombination(all un..).."
the lady(very sad) : "nothing but darkness Stash.."
Tantrum : "of ego,ego : "the sentiment of conception(all un..),then you'll be being the MASTER of ego be confused as to why is it dark but you see then exactly who now are not will hark in a journey to upon your mastery lurk they are called significance compeer of the conscious MARK(all un..)..that you'll remain you around you all is only the reflection of your insisting might/might will to be asking you in self to deem it as eternally potent hence why not in exchange you ask it to be your insistence..on THIS DARK NIGHT(all un..)..(similar state as before)..humdrum humdrum me now you guzzle else why to be(all un..)/random random look self puzzle nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)/humdrum humdrum now you noun verb guzzle guzzle me(all un..)/random random you are so in self thus all pervading in absolute being hence why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..
humdrum humdrum then guzzle guzzle..why nuzzle nuzzle me(all un..)/random random if humdrum being guzzle self but why nuzzle..me(all un..)..
vultures vultures oh you return else i won't be(all un..)/as humdrum humdrum self unbinding being so nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..
meaning meaning meaning meaning to mean why not guzzle guzzle thee(all un..)/meaning meaning meaning meaning why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..
meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning me/meaning meaning meaning meaning nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..(continues for a prolonged period).."
Bosangria Police Head(arrived after someone complained on some incidents before) : "any annotation(all un..,Violet.vultures vultures coming here..honesty puzzle puzzle be,all un..)"
Tantrum(normally) : "ethics : the educational urgency,countering(all un..)"
A Few People(angry) : "excuse me Sir but couldn't you stay silent(all un..)"
Police Head : "no it's about Protocols you see(all un..)"
Someone(angry) : "ah don't ask that from this b..p.. last time i asked for something sorrowful gave me a song on how someone has died just to inform how i've now for you cried(all un..long time),if it was Hologram would've said countering the fact that by name how you've now in form died(all un..long time,..Daily Hologram,all un..)"
Tantrum : “right Sir I need privacy THANKS(all laugh a lot)..no the injection of procedures at present you're giving and all finish them and you may leave cause it's nothing to what i remember of from medicine to physically heal to mentally kill to emotionally conceal to intellectually seal..it's just 'desire : induction's mythological dream'(all un..)..no don’t hide behind the doors surely you care for your RANKS(all laugh shaking their heads)..slavery of intellect hombres indeed what you never do crave/this idea of teamwork is only to get your ego that’s the whole of life to stave(all laugh shaking their heads)..right compeer any anxiety disturbing you to mean them not described as convolving enough(all un..)
the lady(happy) : "no dear just thanks welcome never bye(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "humdrum humdrum meaning why nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)/random random ego now guzzle you to be so why in it's celebration party of thee thus oh meaning do you nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)..(similarly as before)..
me me me me me me me why i i i i..thee(all un..)/my my my my my my my my nuzzle nuzzle..me(all un..)/meaning me me me me me me meaning meaning me(all un..)/me me me me me me me the meaning is meaning meaning now you see(all un..)/meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning be(all un..)/meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning see(all un..)..
Swalot..lot lot lot lot lot..meaning meaning naught(all un..)/Gulpin Gulpin now you guzzle being being sought(all un..long time)/me me me me me me me me no more no no naught/humdrum now you guzzle being if i'm sought(all un..)
meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning bought/meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning naught(all un..long time)..(continues similarly for a longer time).."
Police Head : "this Growlith came to be just a little baby/now is a bit ill medicines the belief compeer indeed so shady(all un..long time)"
Tantrum(normally) : "that's Dr Oak's business i don't do those unless they are wild why do you want me hombre why do you want to be(all un..)"
Head Police : "the algorithm says there's a possibility of a good sum..if(all un..)"
the gathering(extremely angry on Police) : "you f.. b..(all un..)"
Tantrum : "calm down hombres it's only till you know you're now oh my/just as you think so look i'm no more thy,countering reflection just to be MY(all un..).."
Bosangria Head(dispersing all) : "right had your wishes..we offer you ()..no way it's () that's absolutely unethical(all un..long time).."
the person who was confined once(angry,going away) : "and give the option with summary itself unlike in those songs where the main objective is only to say oh thus i said hi(all un..)"
Tantrum : "existence to-perceived self consuming self agnostic if reflected-duality thus..existence to your own and also proclaimed duality thus..existence to duality thus hallow never hi(all un..long time)..greetings compeer are you a Growlith or are you sick of tired#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..(the Growlith attacks Tantrum too happily then leaves)..this means You : The Sickness of New..shh..so much ingenuity as i..Uff Par with hi hallow boo your i#..Photoshop Humdrum,#,..(low pitch) not ironically I guess hombre that you will answer me given your insistent obsession epitomized similar to CammieSally that if you’re a former hillbilly(all brust into laughter)..”
Terry(trying to hit Tantrum) : “you b..”
Lana(controlling him) : “TERRY!enough I have enough security here(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “ego ‘mam is such a celebrated poison which you don’t bear(all laugh)..albeit individually#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..”
Lana(very sternly) : “Randy..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum : “no uncle is very sweet unless I use these words I can get that not the unpronounced the chirps aren’t twits(all burst into laughter)..”
Lana(scowl) : “surely your pseudonym suits you you scoundrel..” Tantrum : “hard to assimilate just one what two speak of whipping of married thus inferentially TWO opposing ponytails(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM)..” Lana(scream) : “you b..”
(security comes in,a squabble breaks out,security beats up Tantrum again but the Police doesn't do anything only watches over) Tantrum : “well I’ve become much more calm now cause I can sense REVENGE(all laugh a lot)..which ofcourse Dr Lana didn't realize here that it's revenge as said being the confession of pain,countering ain't it only validated in washrooms(all un..)..(security tries to beat him more,Lana restrains them)..you know this infatuation with FUTURE is the reason why they think with present they can suture in past,countering(all un..)..still no reaction fare enough so am I allowed to talk(all laugh..lot) before I die that you all present here why not me but my(all laugh a lot)..”
Lana(very angry) : “I’ll see how you avoid jail.."
Bosangria Head(frown,to a few juniors low voice) : "and 5 minutes back all were thinking this the absolutely last mail and Dr Lana is a reputed psychiatrist..creatures you see compeers Randy has rendered lexicon once more(all un..)"
Juniors(frown) : "best described by parametric not algorithmic thus type agnostic meaning specific Stunspores(all un..)"
All the Polices in unison(frown) : "just as this very scene now logically countering..to be..be oh potential be..why nuzzle nuzzle me(all un..long time)"
Lana(meanwhile Pablo comes down)..Pubu this scoundrel is questioning marriages now(all un..,..THE BEAUTY OF CLINICAL ONES,all un..,Goran and Poppy un..)” Pablo(scowl) : “let’s go to privacy first(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “Hombre come along come along come along(all laugh)” Terry(scowl) : “no need to Tantrum no need(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “fare enough I’m doing nothing(all laugh)” (Lana,Pablo and Tantrum goes to privacy with Bosangria Head alone,Terry also follows them) Tantrum : “I see hombre MENTAL infatuation(all laugh a lot)..anyway Jail this compeer of my knows is already done hombres didn’t stay long enough to peek through the exchange protocols of inside mails(all burst into laughter)..” (Pablo punches Tantrum with full force then controls Lana,Security comes and but the Police head again doesn't do anything,Terry too comes)..
Tantrum : “well Gyrehang is a well ripened tool atleast isn't it Sir(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Pablo(shocked) : “what the..(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum(singing) : "i can feel it come it's in the air tonight..oh sought..oh brought#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..and i've been waitin' for this moment for all to live..oh this..proven thus any random's alas is#..Living Hunter,#,..(Pablo shoots Tantrum from his personal firearm)..indeed this bullet you see once rendered me but i then thought what would happen to me..shh..so engain'#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..I COULD FEEL IT COME IT'S IN THE AIR TONIGHT..OH NOW..PAST OH VULTURES NOW(all un..) so don't encourage them to say never hallow but hi(all un..)..this is the bullet no it won't be reused again for that you have redefine it can't be used just when you picked the choice out of 'self so this' the conscious excuse#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..for this bullet compeers it's no more cause it's been WOKEN from being sole..shh..so engulfin' more sectioned as lore#..Premise Ordain,#,..unless you want to see next hour by yourselves don't encouage them to be you any contradictions found albeit modally#..Modal Option,#,..physically I mean the visibility not um..mentally but does it require to be disclosed in the courts running intellectually(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)”
A person(despaired) : “um..sir..(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(scowl) : “yeah you’d better(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(extremely angry) : “and Mr Gatonar you're so much enjoying this aren't you huh even this shooting which i understand was coerced throughly as Pubu didn't pull the trigger the bullet itself used him to become as this lowlife said woken from anger THE MOST EMBRACIN-G yeah(all un..,..Upto Concur,#,..)..”
Bosangria Head(frown) : "it's runtime 'mam we can't recompile unless the existential bug unconsciously comes up..(all un..)"
Lana(extremely angry) : "you.."
Pablo(controlling her) : “Lana please..atleast two Polices wouldn’t have done better simultaneously he has invisible help anywhere don’t bother just see how much he’s bleeding according to freedom being WOKEN from consciousness#..Unto Murmur,#,..and the guardians of donations(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Tantrum : “till he faints right(all laugh shaking their heads)..in these days though they are only guarding connotations..shh..the most ENGAGING(all un..)..
Pablo and Lana(both very angry) : "you b.."
Bosangria Head(frown) : "calm down compeers you know what he's talking about(all burst..)"
Pablo(angry)  :"yeah atleast he's ethical even if countering(all un..)..UNLIKE YOU RE-COUNTERING(all un..)"
Tantrum : "meaning by definition the noun and adjective the nature is the most convolving(all un..long time)..anyway this blood is said to be exhaustible yet the process it’s generated ain’t discernible(all laugh)..gave this clue to so many you know that none can have connections to anyone but himself at my current state if unconscious PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot) but strangely none even attempted(all laugh a lot).."
Pablo(scowl) : "as then they would've been mentally exempted(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "countering the soul ain't it(all un..)..anyway as I was saying in front of this hombre would I say it too that well I saw him with Ms Giselle first with CammiSilly they were embroiled in a mess ok that happens then your daughter went to meet me was an younger version of Brawn(all laugh) anyway then she wanted to know about things I told as much I could till she tried to prove that she’s a woman(all burst into laughter)..”
Lana(shout,tears) : “you p..”
Pablo(scowl,grabbing Tantrum) : “you want another shot Randy..” Tantrum : “this is an ETHICAL question isn't it self acclaimed yet mere mediator(all burst into laughter)
Bosangria Head(frown) : "affirmative(all un..long time,Violet..GUZZLE HUMDRUM..look NUZZLE NUZZLE..ME,all un..)"
Tantrum : "so let’s see if I say yes they may if I say what I was about say then this idea itself will mean I was afraid of this nah Hombre doesn’t fit here(all laugh shaking their heads)..no if only you and aunty listen then I could most terribly swear you hence yeah you may hit me UNLESS you better yourself from as much force as before I won’t be coming in any use to your daughter just get this submission uncle as an insinu..(all laugh shaking their heads)..(Pablo holds him up in a submission forcefully)..
Pablo(seething with anger) : “speak once more and I’ll..” Lana(crying,trying to dissuade him after calling security via Terry) : “Pubu..” Tantrum(after Pablo is seperated by security) : “rhymes with Pamkaboo(all burst into laughter)..(Pablo tries to hit him again but now security controls him)..why did you stop him exactly compeers he was about to get the ideal difference between excelling of a 43% Snorlax vs healing of a 57% Pyukumuku(all burst into laughter)..anger left alas me breathing now comes/if breathing then alas anger you gone/so breathing or anger which to for necessity to survive/oh Arrival thus let-up let manure in self of describe#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..anyway you won’t be needed now compeers Hombre can stay if he wishes hence I demand privacy..don’t bother he’s a tool only I’ve been through far far more demanding MENTALLY(all laugh a lot)..what Sir not happy are you enough..fine..
Oh! Pubu Pubu Pubu Pubu..(all burst into laughter,many beat him..)..nice shots Jubilee..(suddenly sits cross-legged from reclined position)..let’s see(suddenly extremely grave looking at the security,stands up straight from cross-legged position)..HANDS-ON(all laugh shaking their heads)..(all are a bit shocked,normally straight goes back to lying position back again)..(straight reclining down)..that’s what I’m saying you know despite knowing i’m able to throw you off mentally i’m allowing you to have a coffee mentally exactly the idea of donation is founded on which theory(all burst into laughter) that you’re scared you know of indifference never mentally but PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..keeping this in the rhymes please read the excerpt of the Vultures composing each moment so many HYMNS MENTALLY(all laugh a lot).."
Pablo(frown) : "before that why didn't you have any reaction as if enjoying the submission given your demonstration of suddenly first sitting up then from there standing up straight starting in the beginning from a completely reclined position to say two words and again positionally resetting before we could react mentally that is not emotionally(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "because it's impossible to kill unless you have COMPASSION..for your self though not your mind hence the practice of the turnaround called for the source that's for THE ME IN YOU dispassion,countering(all un..)..what still unhappy fare enough(all laugh..lot,straight sits up)..compeer roll the meaning of your actions(all un..)"
Bosangria Head(frown) : "Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Pa Pa Hoo Hoo(all un..long time)"
Tantrum : "Oh!Pubu Pubu Pubu Pubu..
master brat UNBIND Hoopa Hoo Hoo Pa Hoo Pa Hoo(all burst into laughter)…
Oh! La La La La release Ka Ka Ku Na..(all burst into laughter)..(security tries to doze him off,Police Head holds them up frowning)..should’ve been killed by now Jubilee what the hell is this emotion uncle hum VERBALLY..(all laugh shaking their heads)
Pablo(scowl) : "and again sitting up suddenly cross legged from leaned position and bobbing and weaving as they tried to hit you is what your physique is supposed to do MENTALLY(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "that's only one there's so many difference in abstract countering thus physique did UNANIMOUSLY,countering though situationally(all un..)..fare enough that you're unhappy still(all laugh..lot)..compeer tell them why now you stooped except finances(all un..)
Bosangria Head(frown) : "Prima Prima Rina Rina(all un..)"
Tantrum : "indeed..
second brat UNLEASH GIRA GIRA TINA TINA(all burst into laughter)
compeers if you have soulmates UNIVERSALIZE Oh Me too Me too Me Me too too(all burst into laughter)
if not compeers along with your other type of compeers REFLECT Mitu Mitu Mew Mew Two Two(all burst into laughter)
duality PERISH ME ME KI KI PAL PAL KIA!(all laugh a lot)
all a homage RECOLLECT LUNA LUNA LA LA LA LA!(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,all laugh even more)..(Tantrum dozes off straight lying down)..
(few moments later,all bewildered)
Someone : “um..’mam can we have a holiday tomorrow first before dozing off himself lied down straight no matter what it meant to him if not Guzzle Humdrum(all un..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all un..,. un..) and secondly the whole floor’s pokemons those resembling calls especially the last in feelings(all laugh..lot,Brock,Goran,Seth and ...) and the human level meanings(all burst into laughter)”
Lana(still bewildered) : “I’ll take a vacation tomorrow too unless the Vultures relive this brat from his dual sorrow and these brats themselves follow(all laugh a lot)”
Pablo(controlling himself) : “anyway Sir atleast make sure no other floors are affected(all laugh a lot)..
Bosangria Head(frown) : "get your pokemons under control this is a damn hospital don't act like bunch of fannabes questioning now what i'm doing so far(all laugh a lot)..and call the Judiciary off if you haven’t Senor Gyre Cauldron and is two lackeys are anytime welcome by their own proclamations how easy it is(all burst..) and get him straight to..”
Tantrum(waking up and sitting up straight while singing) : “SOLA SOLA CURSOLA(all burst into laughter)..
if anyone stays here disturbing us ask the Mesprits during satisfactory phase 45% neutrality 17% pride 23% and zeal 15% relaxation what should come before DARU MA MA OR PRIMA RINA(all uncontroolably laugh..)
TRAFFIC MOVE Skoru Ru Ru Pi Pi PI PI(all burst into laughter..) compeers if unhappy ask the brats present here the difference of prognosis and projection appearing to a Tox Tox Tox Tox tri city city(all burst into laughter..)..
Hush!Professionalism!(all burst into laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing) personally generalize Ah Ha Ah HA(all uncontrollably laugh,..) professionally Specify HA HA HA HA! (all uncontrollably laugh,..)
MESPRITS EVOLVE STAKA TAKA IF I SAID THEN NOW DID I JUST SAY TA KA TA KA!..(all un..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all un..)..(Tantrum dozes off similarly in leaned position).."
Bosangria Police Head(frown) : "right Dr Oak would claim () from this even if none buys it as you understand the meaning of entailing possibilities in applications(all un..)..no he meant excluding me,Mrs Alpomib and our personal officers we're deemed surplus to justice..ETHICALLY#..Unto Murmur,#,.."
(after all settles down)
Lana(very concerned) : “um..Pubu is this room um..pokemon proof(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(frown) : “brat proof yeah(all laugh a lot)..and also authority proof too i guess(all burst..).."
Bosangria Head&Police Head(frown) : "ethics proof(all un..)"
Pablo(scowl) : "yeah whatever(all laugh..lot),you brat get up..(all laugh)”
Tantrum(sitting up on a stretcher) : “good day Sir good day(all laugh a lot)..no i weigh 333 kg cap with 8 ft 3 inches but i don't feel any back aches why would you carry me not by ropes is beyond me why not compeers why as would've done any school going Darkrai(all burst..).."
Pablo(frown) : "and the time taken for all you were more than cognitive physically so your ethical honesty isn't moral here(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "but to your perception was legal hence i bailed you out of 'discussion : the illusion of compassion'(all un..)"
Pablo(scowl) : "yeah mentally now move it verbally(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "verbosity : the incidence of rigourous recreation to logical effectiveness(all un..long time)..and well coming back to what your daughter did that is to sickeningly wanting to confess to me her longing to remain so(all laugh a lot) and then a few Vultures came around whom I NEGOTIATED with as you saw(all laugh a lot) so yeah to answer your rage well no matter your sentiments if someone attempts that the first thing that’s clouded is the power of discernment of duality thus there’s no way out of sanity hence I can’t waste my time dictating the insinuations to them cause the vultures to them they’ve already got tamed thus it’s of no use isn’t it(all burst into laughter)” Pablo(scowl) : “Randy listen we know how Terry is..” Tantrum : “well you coerce me hombre how many times your g.. c.. you’ve given a s.. m..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(extremely angry) : “you b..”
Pablo(scowl) : “STOP IT!he was embroiled in the same trouble that has reduced Millie to ash..dust(all un..,Daisy..LASTLY THE PLAYBOY CONCERN,all un..)..”
Tantrum : “anything if burns becomes dust the colour and smell only thrill the masses..of analytic hush(all burst into laughter)”
Terry(scowl) : “what do you mean..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum(standing up) : “AH FINALLY MAN FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY! IT’S..THE MEANING!(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND)..(sitting down similarly)what’s the mental proof hombre that because you wanted to take revenge on CammiSilly you tried to s.. their daughter in a double triangle MENTALLY that’s ever the best m.. isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)..pardon me ‘mam but as I said I due to my own foolishness was acquainted with my gender first thus that I don’t defend unlike the others(all laugh a lot)..but as you didn’t comply fare enough doesn’t matter(all laugh)..thus I will be far worse hombre once you meet me alone again after you discern yourself separate from your e.. the e.. while p.. you know stool and urine AH!beauty that is(all laugh shaking their heads) this is just warm up I’m yet to show the semblance of your h.. t.. of the stool pieces that is(all laugh shaking their heads)..and uncle it’s all cause your daughter asked him if he she could marry to which hombre beat her up now so happy to say sorry why hombre can’t you get over it EVEN in hallucinations no I admit the s.. of your s.. never sets your b.. in retardation e.. that is(all laugh shaking their heads)..that question comes if anyone isn’t established properly in PHYSICAL life MENTALLY hence the emotion in terms of convulsion(all laugh)..some are trapped by virtues to some physique is more important that’s the difference between idea and it’s perfection thus none can get away from them unless the attempt to do that or the lack of it is abolished without attempt but reality(all laugh a lot)..come along vultures this is exquisite I’ll reply after getting back just washroom sad is is this psychophysical requisite isn’t it hombre atleast I p.. in c.. rather than c.. less exciting I understand but only for you if you went down a sewage gutter you would’ve realized it why your s.. c.. only in stutters food for thought Hombre decide your gender first you’re in middle only light years to go to reach POKEMONS so long..what do you mean I can’t prolong(dozes off lying down similarly)..(all burst into laughter)” Terry(tears) : “uncle I..” Pablo(checking Tantrum,frown) : “don’t bother you’ll remain as my son dear no matter roadside m.. and their legal supporters(all laugh..lot)..saw the standing up then back to being sited then again lying down if his injury is proved incurable biology should be ashamed of itself(all burst..)..” Lana(crying) : “why is he self destructing like this we don’t even know him except everything that’s wrong in those pieces for 13 damn years now..(all burst into laughter,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,Goran,Stash,Seth and Gary un..,Brock..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)..” Bosangria Police Head(frown) : “call your doctors in he is trying to extract our raw mental demons sewed with him exactly what he did to your daughter Mildred and Ms Giselle too realized there for the PROFESSIONAL technicalities(all un..) as is the operation of any vulture spinning machine(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)..there will be Police carpet now which can't be subverted unless Mr Wolfgang's order and Mr Gantonar agrees verbosity mere memorandum thanks(all un..,Outlaws of Justice,#,..)” 
Tantrum(waking up sitting straight) : "Ash Ash Ash Ash what if/Ash Ash Ash Ash thus never is/Ash Ash Ash Ash study in random/Ash Ash Ash Ash as found only in the lie as Phantom#..Lastly Phantom,#,.."
Police Head(stays alone with one officer) : "right () is the biography of Mr and Mrs Dislom and () is of Ms Dislom and Mr Terry right..these records Sir,'mam unless we keep we're deemed interesting to accessory#..Outlaws of Security,#,.."
Tantrum : "i didn't understand the reasoning compeers why would they believe they're not cross-cut concerns of themselves by not of i#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
Police Head(scowl) : "indeed compeer..Sir 'mam you may stay here amidst all this point is a contemplative excuse universally applied thus specifically woken from being just..the most malleable countering mode by syllable..right move it#..Modal Option,#,.."
..(later Tantrum is being treated)..
Doctors : “man would you stop waking up suddenly(all burst into laughter)..”
Tantrum : “well I’m surrounded by utter buffoons then who won’t let me finish my work despite asking me and I don’t take any charge to tell them which stain is caused by what if I think I know(all burst into laughter) so let your minds discharge(all laugh a lot)..”
Doctor(irritated) : “mate you’re in serious danger(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “nothing to the mental beauty of superficial gender isn’t it compeer isn’t it rhyming with Impidimp(all burst into laughter)”
Doctor(scowl) : “fare enough Sir again going(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(comes in,scowl) : “I need you to remain with us only till my little doll comes out of danger..”
Tantrum : “so that she remains your not son a fascination thus with that gender(all burst into laughter)”
Pablo(extremely angry) : “you..”
Tantrum : “why are you so serious hombre for 5 long years now(all burst..)..I’ve seen each here except the real culprits the relations doctors it would’ve been fun you it would’ve been fun(all laugh a lot)..where are they anyway(all laugh)..”
Pablo(scowl) : “returned to the gym..”
Tantrum : “GYM? You mean GENERAL POKEMON TRAINERS’ VERY OWN RING(all laugh a lot)..hmm..GYM LEADER..hmm..specific bidder..hmm..(all burst into laughter)..career seeder hmm..(all burst into laughter)..MENTAL KNEADER..hmm..(all burst into laughter)..hmm..Gyre son..hmm..pokemon master..hmm..(all laugh a lot)..now deal with this permanent injury(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Pablo(scowl) : “I don’t belive you’re injured at all cause firstly you’re 98 and 333(all laugh a lot) no matter the metals they used(all laugh,,shaking..),67-47-56-43 chest,waist,hip gratis and inseam to thicken it(all laugh a lot) secondly thus if you wanted certainly could’ve ripped Terry’s arms off that day when you insulted his friend given the medical report afterwards(all laugh a lot) despite a kick by a to be professional swimmer with metal pad on and toe braces on that are used to tame pokemons not humans(all laugh a lot) the way you avoided his last punch on your forehead lying on ground Terry said isn’t possible unless coached certainly not by humans if today's demonstration could be in this figure(all laugh a lot,cheers for SOCIETY,all burst..) which he said now you’re doing exactly like them mentally that is(all laugh a lot) but this one’s going to land you in a jail only mind that RATIONALLY I mean(all laugh a lot) you were sitting cross legged as he approached to hit you you leaned back slower then necessary to duck it then just as Terry was to hit you from a corner ofcourse suddenly laid down flat and sprang your legs out(all burst into laughter) this is all to lull him while rather than kicking him away with the feet telling him to kill you off completely as these techniques aren't at all sustainable from laid back situation thus in hindsight making him to go nuts with himself or to think about the methods to kill you while you would appreciate his concentration or the lack of it as much thinking he is only doing it cause he wants to understand why it's necessary not it itself that is the meaning of it's own necessity(all un..) this technique isn’t taught anywhere by humans to their pokemons either(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) and it’s all cause you don't want to use your tail to whip like your teachers would only if NECESSARY NOT A NECESSITY(all un..,..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,..),so to you this tail and hitting becomes abstract obviously as they mean relatively(all un..) and the biggest problem for your pursuers is that once you’re no more physical it’s impossible what you’ll do cause you’re only waiting for that(all laugh a lot) and thirdly,they’re saying the blood you’re spitting out is hardly troubling you infact helping you that was the same submission that fetched me a medal from the first school cup that I won to IRSGC(all laugh shaking their heads) the intensity varied also with my current physique after 18 long years but having practiced it for 37 years constant now I believe if it was you there the match would’ve required 135 exact minutes rather than 25(all laugh a lot)..and still I will have to mention i’m pretty hurt too given your PHYSICAL proportions(all laugh a lot) and it was possible by my students only cause we’re trained in that way so these won’t effect on us but I suspect with the way you fell today so so easily without any remote desire to stand hence mocking us countering(all laugh a lot) and Terry says the other day too despite metals mind it if you have been left of any after being reared up by a certain species EXISTENTIALLY(all laugh a lot,..cheers..CIVILIZATION,..) you only encourage people to exercise their physical prowess cause of your own proportions and thus thicken the mental pain given your proclaimed state of wavering mind against physical pain(all laugh a lot) and the whole world understand for what it’s wavering more rapidly than alleged people at theorized hell(all laugh a lot)..thus any proper combat match would’ve been a draw still cause the judges would’ve left..emotionally that is(all laugh a lot)..and yeah our Police chief has been here all time now we're under surveillance even in this room as you see(all laugh..lot)..you're their golden goose for 12 years Randy they're not going to lose this just to me whose so insignificant to the powers that be(all laugh..lot)..”
Tantrum : “it’s your loss Mr Pubu not my gain that you weren’t ethical what I demanded cause you created duality thinking of probability and I couldn’t get out of emotional spontaneity(all laugh a lot)..as fpr the imaginary powers well we know them we know them(all laugh..lot)
Pablo(scowl) : "as do we by that booklet published 11 long years ago thanks to your head honcho Ash Ketchum the sole reason Terry or Millie didn't join your gang(all un..,..Daisy..LASTLY THE PLAYBOY FALCRUM,all un..) that piece after he ran the Kanto general government for a day including the military at the age of 4 and 2(all laugh..lot) came as-'governance : the connectivity of endorsement'(all un..) and he was just a sweet little kid still compared to his master that Ghastly Juritared Phantom a former Playboy(all laugh..lot)..but no matter you hereby admit that you’re NEITHER injured then PHYSICALLY I mean(all laugh a lot)..NOR are you remotely interested to stay in gross given the abstract influence you want to exert on your pursuers non-psychophysically exactly which as if pushes them to exonerate you PHYSICALLY I mean(all laugh a lot)”
Tantrum : “as it should be creating mental pressure telling me this PHYSIQUE is indeed what needs to be either not or in constant rapture(all laugh)..you would’ve understood it more if you liked to BATTLE BATTLE BATTLLE(all burst into laughter)..mentally I mean but what does this moment mean you(all burst into laughter)..no not now be at present if you try to know it you’ll again ask why and how mentally though(all burst into laughter)”
Pablo(irritated) : “man what sort of b.. your family are huh(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “well as per my knowledge there’s no concrete proof to deem them or their children as such psychologically but yeah the possibility remains open if it’s found later there’s a validity of this point PHYSICALLY(all laugh shaking their heads,Goran and Seth says isn’t it Mr Skechit isn’t it,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..or well may be I was exchanged in the baby cots a most honest mistake is what makes statistics gain such fame driving such SUPPLE machineries(all laugh a lot)..but no I understand your sentiment strange is this idea of being you know the lack of INDIFFERENCE(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(frown) : "it's by luck isn't it that you have this power to roam around along with this teaching"
Tantrum(sitting up suddenly but not enough to disturb the instruments fitted) : "ILLUMISE!(all un..)..but what would the deficiencies mean to me..causally though(all un..)..(again returns to reclined position).."
Pablo(scowl) : "this sudden attempt at sitting up while not disturbing the instruments and while lying back keeping them close with you as if you couldn't ever do without them tells me that it would only mean 'excitement : the neutrality of motivation'(all un..)"
Tantrum : "RUNERIGUS!(all un..)..and what you said is so very true Sir kinesthetically indeed never merely thermostatically though(all un..),exactly as any Runerigus' daily routine stands upon the grounded fact that mentality is running the ghost of notion,countering(all un..)"
Pablo(frown) : "why are you injured actually(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "TYRAniTAR!(all burst..)..you surmised perfectly because a few Swalots were so needed to evolve as unless did the physical injuries with emotional healing would mentally at their intellect hoe,countering(all un..) hence had to juggle them,physique to simulation the conception is just the logical hoe(all un..)"
Pablo(frown) : “how many times have you been convicted actually out of records daily(all uncontrollably laugh,tears)..”
Tantrum : “whenever I’ve been logically evicted practically(all laugh a lot)..”
Pablo(sternly) : “listen..”
Tantrum : “they after evolving would've only after saying,
anger dissent or became recent(all un..,..)/concentration or worrying peasant(all un..,..)/hence notice this all why bother what you see(all un..,..)/analyzing exhaust knowledge enjoy to be to be(all un..,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)/fight fight or flying kite(all un..,..)/might might challenge lexicon’s sight(all un..,..)/hence choice is all that’s suits the best/but dual is not NORMAL AND FIGHT RESET(all un..,..)..SAYS JANGOMO HAKA MO KOMMO-O(all laugh a lot)/read causation or so so Ho-Oh(all un..,..)..thus presentation doesn’t matter/you’re real why chatter chatter(all laugh a lot,..,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON,..)
..hence this will continue till you can’t discern me as different sir rest assured across eternity(all laugh shaking their heads)..thats battle cause neither physique nor mind but only illusion of them is what’s insured(all laugh a lot)..don’t bother with your full force you would’ve killed me atmost only physically which to you as well is only an appearance cause to build yourself up professionally surely you had to face mental Zekroms is nothing to beauty to get matured(all laugh shaking their heads)..irrespective of the hombres present here I don’t believe they won’t take any exceptions if I say you were embroiled in a situation not conducive to your personal life professionally hence it was mental(all laugh a lot) compassion Sir unless attuned to indifference is ever running on a dated time that’s emotion exactly though what makes it’s stay in intelligence as rental(all laugh a lot)..intelligence indeed is what skews the reality for you that if I want to be be you I can’t eschew hence this idea of duality puts me in a mental curfew that I can’t ever be you due to becoming me eventually thus you and me I hereby eschew(all laugh a lot)..while eschewing I’ve found you’re zooming in all the more all encompassing thus I become you oh my beau,mentally though(all burst into laughter)..it’s strange why you aren’t hitting me now many Zekroms did compeer i was with them but they said why i was no more them as i wanted to be me..shh..impossible unless now,countering how..countering..this conscious sough..shh..so entanglin'(all un..long,..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..)..”
Pablo(frown) : “it’s cause I’m yet to hear of any trainer to have faced Zekroms PHYSICALLY while saying these VERBALLY and at the same time congitating the counter MENTALLY(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “well there should be some history is a snapshot alone motivationally(all laugh a lot)..you must’ve heard about Huntelion you know(all laugh)..it’s imperative that you have to go there not PROVERBIALLY isn’t it(all laugh a lot)..”
Pablo(frown) : “unless you live in a room and they decide to nest in the one right beside it to turn it into their designated intensive care unit hence this holistic result with children rhymes(all un..)”
Tantrum : “the idea of being a being is what is affliction enough thus it shouldn’t be procured..what do you mean their flight wasn’t insured(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..fare enough they can’t escape me neither their damn family a proverb is only the oxidation of a corrosive DAILY..(Tantrum again dozes off)..(all burst into laughter)..”
Doctors(bit concerned) : “um Sir..”
Pablo(frown) : “if he doesn’t wake up in 15 minutes even if dead you all will be fired on spot with vote of no confidence JUST cause it rhymes bye(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “good day Sir just a moment i’m most fervently sorry to discomfort you emotionally I mean(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..you see among the relation doctors there a certain name the form of which intrigues me most Engrossingly(all burst into laughter)..this form Mr Pubu is why your daughter’s self proclaimed form is so in reflection not totally impossible unless fractionally..countering(all burst into laughter)..this name though imagining himself confined in a form being afraid of itself(all burst into laughter) should’ve spread over here too but it seems it hasn’t or there’s some amalgamation left there in the consciousness hidden in sanity..shhh..VULTURES HAIL PARITY(all laugh a lot)..compeer of ethics over there connect me to your Rimsable workers here tell them a mercenary of reality wants to confess his longing for mental directions(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)”
the posted Police(frown) : “yeah certainly(all laugh a lot)..”
(Rimsable City Police connected) Police : “yeah Rimsable section speaking”
Tantrum : “in expectation of recognition as separate mentally though SEEKING(all unc..,..)” Police : “yeah thanks for validating yourself Mr Tantrum this is general channel anyway have no doubts(all laugh a lot)..and thanks for the money too greed of being termed as the philosophical gout(all un..)” Tantrum : “essentially not practicably,countering(all un..)..connect me to Mr Neil Zyko from () Institute,Rimsable currently intern at Bosangria () institute no matter how informing him from where i’m trying to connect him in the case of whom the Bosangria Police will tell you without mentioning the physical specifications cause the name of the case is with them(all laugh a lot) then end it telling them this line the precedent is only to entertain the mental anticipation of this(all unc..,..)..Zukkie Zukku oh my Zikko/master brat DOWNLOAD PIPO PIPO TYPE MY SWETIE DISAMBIGUATE ONLY MENTAL HIPPO(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..any arithmetical confusions transpired(all unc..,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Police : “neurologically yeah(all laugh a lot)..give us the least required time..” Tantrum : “oh yes absolutely you’ve infinity someone has even more which they vehemently deny despite understanding the cycle of clock and time(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..it’s ok i’m under observation from all sections of SOCIETY(all laugh a lot,cheers for CIVILIZATIONS)..” (Police contacts Neil)
Neil(a bit solemn) : “yeah Randy i’ve been there..” Tantrum : “philosophically not sound this idea Zukkie be professional with sanity(all laugh a lot)..” Neil(solemn) : “if only they would allow me to focus on the object not the subject which they despite declaring hinder all time(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “how did the doctors here help..existentially(all laugh a lot)..” Neil(solemn) : “they were most professional let us do whatever we wanted the problem was that what we wanted was presupposed before reaching that is we wanted to cure who wasn’t diseased(all burst into laughter)..it’s just a matter of experiential jolt suddenly making it unstable the subject would’ve been diseased had there not been the exuberance of logic there..the exuberance in this case wasn’t well directed towards consciousness due to to existential propensities hence all together couldn’t get out of the trap of intellect thus went to places obscured by attention under nebulous premise of perception rather than cognition thus stuck(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “that’s the cry of unfulfilled realism Zukkie that you couldn’t entail substance from consonance of effectivity despite understanding how the process acts all due to your lack of parity with own self that you boast over each moment(all laugh a lot)..” Neil(solemn) : “yeah I understood it was residual in adverb of being the enjoyment not the quality of meaning the despondence(all burst into laughter) but if I wanted to discern that I needed to ask her questions in hypnotized state a process requiring a poison psychic type to never let me come to a conclusion that is concrete(all burst into laughter) rather let the subject come to a decision that any enjoyments fade away only if they are enjoyed emotionally never relationally which only removes the stench of chain not the reasoning behind(all burst into laughter)..thus I couldn’t help it hence just told them not to use psychics and treat the subject properly cause she was humane in rational storytelling not intellectual dovetailing(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “coaxially(all laugh a lot)..anyway she is fine enough emotionally that is(all laugh a lot)..you can be assured of it hallow never hi(all laugh a lot)..” Neil(laugh) : “right welcome never bye(all laugh a lot)..(both he and Tantrum cuts off)..” Tantrum : “tell them compeer this simultaneous cutting of connection(all laugh..lot)
Police(frown) : "general line must be cut without notice by both side together for each side to lose it(all laugh a lot) cause the recording system at stations works separately which they need in these cases included in access to information laws if this isn’t kept secret which it won’t no matter the stations are the main stations thus too big for personal emotions(all laugh a lot) and don’t have any doubts(all laugh a lot) it is learnt from the other side only at certain places they are honest always about their profession isn’t it Randy impersonally(all laugh a lot)..
Tantrum : "colloquially,countering(all un..)..any particular informations or meanings given(all un..long time)"
Police(frown) : "only existentially never substantially indeed ethically morally yet honestly(all un..)"
Tantrum : "mentally the most reverberating..Lastly would've added ego now Phantom(all un..long time)..anyway Mr Pubu relax mentally have a glass of beer physically talk with your dear ones emotionally discuss about logical loops with with mind or others intelligently to help yourself out of anxiety,boredom,sadness and anger RATIONALLY..countering(all unc..,..) as this case in the MIND is only THICKENING(all laugh a lot)..(dozes off)..” Pablo(frown) : “do what you can to best no matter following the path just explained(all laugh a lot) else will put you in general lines inside your own minds with all others your personality being the police..bye(all laugh a lot)” ..(while Giselle was with Mildred alone,after Pablo went downstairs,Giselle didn’t know anything happening downstairs)..
Mildred(very mild) : “um..mom..um..no no rhymes with um..um..no wait..LASTLY PHANTOM(all un..,..Caster Hat,#,..)..”
Giselle(very concerned) : “um..Millie it’s ok you’re just imagining honey it’s Tryrantums only who are very nice calm down please(all un..,Daisy..LASTLY THE PLAYBOY SYMPTOM,all un..)..”
Mildred(now waking up) : “um..who the hell are you which rhymes with hey I don’t want to ask around all time whose whose logical not reflectional beau(all burst into laughter)..”
Giselle(frown) : “one can’t come unless with a pain that’s two..” Mildred(smile) : “please do tell me why am I not you(all laugh a lot)..thanks Giselle..um I mean not male(all burst into laughter)..wait what..(all laugh a lot)”
Giselle(smile,hugs Mildred firmly then tenders her) : “sweetie it’s ok I didn’t behave properly but I won’t say sorry to my sweet little sis hum..”
Mildred(bit surprized) : “um..why are you psychophysically fondling me whereas you were the one always to advocate for non psychophysically crumble the idea of he(all burst into laughter)”
Giselle(concerned) : “Millie please take rest sweetie please..and call me Gissie from now as I won’t call you anything other than my sis..”
Mildred(bit surprized still) : “um..hey don’t disturb me emotionally but..but rather always like as Humdrum would say logically(all burst into laughter,Violet cheers for WATCH THE VULTURES CATER,all uncontrollably laugh)”
Giselle(worried) : “fine if there’s an idea of rest shouldn’t the person knowing she’ll perish never mentally start to ponder only MENTALLY(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(tired) : “um..but I didn’t do anything wrong..(all laugh shaking their heads,Blossom cheers for PANGORO,Genkai immediately says,Oh Doctor Doctor Play/No Doctor no you nay/Oh Doctor look at your family and this Mewostic and you should fray/So oh Doctor Doctor Say..that yes move forth I’ll heal/no matter what you do cause I know how it’ll feel..these 322 Ghostly reels,all laugh a lot,Goran cheers for,Oh PEWTER PEWTER KNOCK/OH PEWTER CORSOLA,RHYMES AND POKEMONS ARE RUNNING BUT HOW TO HOP/OH PEWTER WE DON’T KNOW FROM DUALITY HOW TO TAKE OFF..,Blossom cheers for,SO OH PEWTER NOW YOU ROCK/CAUSE PEWTER NEVER NOT TOP/AS PEWTER FEELS THERE’S NO DIFFEENCE BETWEEN NOUN AND VERB OF SHOP/SO THE FEELING ITSELF EVER TAKES YOU TO REALITY AWAY FROM DUAL DROP..,ALL CHEERS FOR,SO OH PEWTER CHEER B-ROCK/HAIL DASHING DOCTOR BROCK,all laugh a lot,Goran and Seth in unison cheer for Thus JUST OBJECTION HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK/certification reveal the LEADING LEADING ROCK,all laugh even more,cheers for DASHING LEADING ROCK,Brock slaps himself with both hands consecutively laughing,..)..”..man Pewter Rock isn’t returning again in two millenias no matter us dashing(all laugh a lot,cheers for THAT FEELING,all laugh even more,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..ok you can find any of us any day anywhere even the jackal(all laugh) but Pewter at Boulder that too with three associates all legends absolute by their own professionally effusive naive rights(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing) that is not happening in two millenias absolutely DASHING DASHING ROCK(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..it’s another level entirely you know,best wishes next time bro,JUST LET IT LIVE ONLY IN THAT FEEL(all un..,Brock slaps..)..anyway here it restarts still somehow(all laugh)..
Giselle(smile, ildred) : “no sweetie you didn’t do anything wrong now sleep hum..”
Mildred(giggle) : "oh hallow hallow..hush so me thus solo#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Giselle(giggle) : "just to be me alas i said me oh hallow#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Mildred(giggle) : "thus oh my feeling just feel this professional mine#.."
Giselle(giggle) : "thus wrong is validated as personal if being then afterwards's on it fines#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Mildred(smile) : “um..okay Gissie but um..why Terry didn’t tell me this(all burst into laughter)..(giggle)..compeer you on the side on the trial on the ride/alas left is me then who oh..ringing so much..simulation of else whoo#..The Inverted Ones,#,..Terrence+Mildred too un..long,#,..” Giselle(bit solemn) : “couldn’t recall full the hymn celebrating Meowstic(all burst into laughter)..(giggle)..i..oh that's appliance's..oh that's consideration's hologram#..The Meant Ones,#,..Cameron+Giselle too un..long,#,..” Mildred(just about to doze off) : “um..no it’s okay i'll tell him later i remember(all laugh..lot)..but where’s Mr Humdrum..(all laugh)..” Giselle(bit solemn) : “went to meet Strawberry Facepalm(all laugh a lot) surely in another term was his girlfriend(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Stash cheers for MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,Gary shakes his head laughing)..like(laugh)..Oh Strawberry oh my berry(all burst into laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing)/hush professionalism!personally sound sleep is expedited if professionally just before not specific past neither general future one can professionally just merry merry hush impersonality now just merry(all burst into laughter,cheers for MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Mildred(giggling,almost asleep) : “yeah to them like if they know from somewhere they started how can they know they’ve been actually ferried(all burst into laughter)..night’ Gissie..(sleeps)..(all laugh)..” Giselle(smile) : “night'..(bit later,tendering Mildred,frown)..only if it’s dark enough inexistent to describe through proportions otherwise just hail the vultures lurk(all burst into laughter)..it’s a horrible game Millie of exchanging places(all burst into laughter,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..exactly why throws all the hardball of familial braces(all laugh a lot)..why aren’t you me they’ll always claim..but um..(smiles) thus no matter of us they’ll continue to mortify themselves till they become us as we’ll turn into them(all laugh a lot)..(very excited)..YES!THAT’S THE HANDS-ON BEHOLD THE GAME!(all laugh)..um..no sorry ‘mam(all laugh)..(going aside)..I’ll have to meet Lastly Phantom finally no matter somehow to understand what happened to Ash(all un..,Daisy..APTLY THE PLAYBOY FACETURN,all un..)..” (Lana comes up,crying a bit)
Giselle(very surprized) : “um..Millie is sleeping spoke with me recognized perfectly both me and Terry is ok it seems”
Lana(bit surprized) : “um..I’m seeing..(asks about her)..man a big relief out of all danger completely just tiredness now..but um..first Terry isn’t okay that scoundrel used a language like anyway(all laugh)..but um..Giselle he isn’t well either Swalots and Gulpins must've done something to him the thing you saw downstairs it was a mayhem Police can tell you the best this continued for long then spoke of Swalots and Gulpins who must've done something you know but as usual continues to scare doctors away now finally has been shelved medically not lexically though what to speak of meaningfully(all un..)..”
Giselle(shocked) : “yeah going..are both downstairs..” Lana(very disappointed) : “no he is Terry just outside..” ..(Outside)..
Terry(bit of tears) : “don’t talk with me..(giggle)..me me me oh ah Fuh oh see#..Choiced Brats,#,..” Giselle(sympathetic) : “Terry please you know then for 12 years..(all laugh..lot)..(giggle)..alas focus bludgeoned just to be#..Choiced Brats,#,..” Terry(tired) : “please not now..”
Giselle(mildly) : “fine..”
(Call comes in Terry’s phone,Cameron) Cameron(concerned) : “um..Terry I’m with grandpa where are you now..” Terry(tired) : “not in any b.. don’t worry(all shake their heads laughing)..” Cameron(shocked) : “Terry..”
Terry(shout) : “just leave me..(Giselle takes the phone)..(giggle)..Ei any This so Common Place#..Choiced Brats,#,..”
Cameron(giggle) : "what oh selfish-being-test#..Choiced Bats,#,.."
Giselle(frown) : “he’s tired after treatments..”
Cameron(concerned) : “um..no not..”
Giselle(stern) : “why are you EVEN here hum(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(scowl) : “just tell him to take rest in the hospital itself none is present at home we’re on emergency regarding your question answer yourself it could be whom(cuts off,all laugh)..” Giselle(scowl,while going downstairs) : “yeah as if mentally so sound,anyway(all laugh)..how could he hang up on,anyway(all laugh)..”
Cameron(heard,straight) : "the right way was to say.."
Giselle(straight) : "then and not after waiting to say.."
Cameron(straight) : "well i only tried to be.."
Giselle(straight) : "me yeah..(together happy)..Ei Lastly Lastly Phantom/Ghastly Ash Lied on Being Indeed Hands-On/Just seeing alas then you to me Phantom..do who#..The Meant Ones,#,.."
(Pablo comes up later,Terry went to a private room there for sleep,Giselle stays) Pablo(frown) : “Giselle you should sleep better now you look tired..” Giselle(bit worried) : “um..yeah but um..uncle where’s Cammie with me he never spoke so cru..um..harshly(all laugh a lot)” Pablo(frown) : “no with Mr Wolfgang he called me as you were coming to the gym told him we’ll go to meet that brat said fine then said I’ll tonight itself do a raid on the backyard simultaneously must be there(all laugh)” Giselle(bit worried) : “um..yeah how’s Randy..”
Pablo(frown) : “chasing his vultures in sleep now again..badly injured and as you saw only worsening it intentionally(all laugh)..” Giselle(a bit worried) : “um..okay I’ll go home after meeting him..”
Pablo(disappointed) : “no dear I understand him as well as he does the viseversa(all laugh a lot) but he’s intentionally pulverizing himself(all laugh)..” Giselle(worried) : “um..no uncle it’s ok this Hopsital is one of the best he’ll be fine but I’m just concerned now in this situation if suddenly he goes into defense mood with all pokemons(all laugh)..” Pablo(frown) : “I don’t think a brat like that can be..can’t appease his vultures unless he himself dies infinite times thus the actual sludges left him unscathed like if he’s assigned with an abduction will totally disintegrate the subject to remain with them rather mentally as he says(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(bit worried) : “um..yeah I guess so too(all laugh)..” Pablo(smile) : “it’s ok dear he’ll be fine just take a look and take rest..” Giselle(smile) : “um..yeah..”
(downstairs,Giselle goes to Tantrum’s treat room) Doctors(not allowing her at first) : “um..we’re sorry ‘mam but..” Tantrum(suddenly waking up) : “I wonder why there’s no tense defined in grammar for the word cut rhymes saw(all laugh a lot)..” Doctors(despaired) : “man you need an urgent operation ok(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “PHYSICALLY(all burst into laughter) yet it’s strange you know when you’ll make me faint I’ll never need it CEREBRALLY(all laugh a lot)..let her come in else Ah MESPRITS!SAY BEEHEEYEM!DID I JUST SAY NIDOKING!..(all burst into laughter)..” Doctors(irritated) : “let her in else will turn us all including her into his ice-creams(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(coming in,worried) : “um..Randy..” Tantrum : “correction change the form his general conviction of the professional idea that personality could be specifically handy(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(smile,tendering Randy’s head) : “didn’t you yourself say I’m you little sis..” Tantrum : “hombres and honoureds(all laugh) show her the bills(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(bit surprized) : “um..what..”
Tantrum : “no allow me compeers allow me you’re the best at being happy thus let me play this LOGICAL GAME the most elusive puppy(all laugh a lot,cheers for B-ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing) well to the doctors here I will need a little operation but you see I don’t receive payments from my association just the food which ok there’s a snake always charms no matter if it does have hood(all laugh a lot)..so if they found me there then they could’ve facilitated me to a hospital but this is not run by the corporation so the prices will be bit higher hence affordable by me only mentally(all laugh)..which I refuse to pay them EMOTINALLY(all laugh a lot)..and you should too else it’s a disgusting PHYSICAL mayhem(all laugh a lot)..but just to tell you that for these methods the next source is Strawberry Facepalm(all laugh) he is an unemployed vagabond though atleast I’m employed(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing),but his experience of mental corners are just light years ahead of me hence you should contact him only if he doesn’t want then not the viseversa(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)..and yeah A Ghastly Phantom should be contacted too(all laugh a lot,Seth,Stash and Gary burst into laughter) but that’s Lastly as his name would suggest you rhymes saw(all laugh a lot) only when Strawberry refuses to be inactive not before not later thanks(all laugh a lot) Charlie Doldrum has to be informed only after Strawberry thus only will this whole game ssh.. so exciting(all laugh a lot) will be seen HANDS-ON(all laugh a lot)..mentally though(all laugh a lot)..but the reason why I called you in is that just ask the Police to inform proper sources to channelize my systems properly else the operation isn’t going to be successful PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..don’t bother I have an ocean of unfinished business with you nothing compared to the Hombre whom I met with you which is insignificant to what today’s patient has to know nothing to beauty which CammiSilly can’t forgo(all laugh) and for your ideas Gissie that’s what I’ll call you by are so wondrous/don’t worry if you understand me your first meeting will be with a THUNDURUS(all burst into laughter)..”
Someone : “hey..(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “this fear you know disperses once you’ve passed off the dome/lingers there only the decision of thirst never the case for SPIRITOMB mentally though(all burst into laughter)..(almost dozes off)..” Giselle(very worried) : “bro..”
Tantrum : “just a trick of a very cunning pro(all shake their heads laughing)..this is why she couldn’t jump into OCEAN(all laugh a lot)/everything is the best but mind it they won’t ever get human EMOTION(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)/WHEN YOU’VE GIVEN UP ALL THAT’S DEFINED IN A RELATION/HAIL HAIL THE VULTURES SCARY   YOU IN ELATION..no I have so much more to see in wilderness of my own delegation/for which though I have all except that cunning observation(all laugh a lot,cheers for Tracey-looking-most-cunning-fox,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)/no matter what is there isn’t present unless you can reel/thus nothing including the self remains which how to apply with the idea of my own brats is something that I still don’t know how the absolute reality to the brats actually FEEL you know you can’t touch it or become cause it’s beyond duality dear it’s THAT FEELING(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Brock slaps himself laughing,Violet cheers for CROOK SHINE THE VULTURE’S BILL,all laugh even more)..rhyming with Steel you know that’s just Pewter on Rock now look leading for next month finally..ssh..OH PEWTER CHEER B-ROCK/HAIL DASHING LEADING ROCK(all laugh a lot,Brock slaps himself laughing)..so yeah that’s exactly what you need with wild brats it’s never described nowhere inscribed never possible to learn not possible to earn cause it’s just THAT FEELING(all laugh a lot,Brock pulls his hairs laughing,Violet uncontrollably laughs)..night all with the that ethereal call that makes one SO NAIVE(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..”
Giselle(very sad,worried,in haste) : “no..” Tantrum : “correction change the form physique is the arrow alone compeers which needs to be properly in places thus if you want and he doesn’t only then empty Strawberry’s monetary access(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)..I only care about the BOW..Oh Vultures this will be too long!say if you know it already how can it start or end or be in the middle of what’s undefined thus acclaimed as row..(dozes off)..(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(tears,haste) : “you won’t go anywhere till you call me your sis again..” Tantrum : “hush!professionalism! Personally add mentally though..(all burst into laughter)/VULTURES why grass generally grows quicker if one specifically mow mental say mental though..by the way tell to be Doctor Neil Zyko to not come with this line sending him the recording VIA Bosangria police as you know compeers(all laugh a lot) and it must be send before mind it amiss Giselle(all burst into laughter)..NILLIE NILLIE only emotion so SILLY SILLY(all un..,..)/cause you want to be neutral why being you so TERRI SO WHY NOT TWICE SAY BILLY BILLY(all unc..,..)..any rational inadequacy in terms of attention unkind countering(all un..)..no,so only after you can validate temporally it was a long ago that my physique is burnt out declared dead would you be able to judge it in terms of you and me dually hence only then call the critique of sanity,thanks(all unc..,..)..(apparently dozes off)..(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(haste,tears) : “see him..tell the relations doctors immediately with whatever he told..I’m sending Lana aunty..(about to get out)” Tantrum : “excuse me ‘mam sorry to disturb you(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Violet cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM)..there’s no rush for any of you as you see in consciousness only existence SEQUENTIALLY(all laugh a lot)..no it’s ok compeers all a trick of mind indiscernible unless tried enough is ever a shrew(all laugh a lot)..that don’t get too much into this all of you and Ms Giselle except for telling the proper ones/cause I’ve been under the hood of unjustified deemed by Gyre Cauldron as the other side of society in metaphor absolute the black swans(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..that’s your tissue paper’s relation Ms(all laugh shaking their heads) in now so much elation/that indeed this whole is only another part of society differentiable hence his desire to remain detached from it has got him entangled once more in this logically emotional implausible situation(all laugh shaking their heads)..WHAT DO YOU MEAN THIS ISN’T DUAL ENOUGH FOR UNCONSCIOUS MENTAL REVERBERATION(all burst into laughter)/SO THAT THE VULTURES WILL BE INCESSANT JUST AS THE PHYSIQUE MELTS DOWN IN STUPENDUS PAIN AROUND THE UNTAMED MIND..sshh..the PHENOMENAL DISORIENTATION(all laugh shaking their heads),OH SILLY SILLY OR BILLY BILLY/REFLECTIONS WHERE’S GISSIE MILLIE(all burst into laughter,cheers for MASTER BRAT)/VULTURES VULTURES LOOK I’M SO SO HAPPY/SAY DUAL DUAL BUT WHERE’S REAL PUPPY(all un..,..,CHEERS FOR GUZZLE HUMDRUM,..)..(finally dozes off)..(Giselle gets outside in haste after telling the doctors to treat Tantrum)..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” (meanwhile above floor)
Pablo(bit worried) : “how’s Millie..”
Lana(worried) : “out of trouble all our jurisdiction but Pubu..” Pablo(disappointed) : “no it’s ok Lana it’s ok..I’ve had enough Tantrums since last night and it’s dawn now almost(all laugh)..” Lana(very dejected) : “but Pubu liver and neck injury so much blood..each time woke up even from sedatives i don't know how but all said and we could see the amount of pain he was enduring as if out to a movie with his beau the mind(all burst..) yet we just couldn’t..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “none can Lana heard all those songs yourself saw the meaning saw what those scoundrels in ethical uniforms do in the name of procedural honesty(all laugh..lot) I heard a few more and all were like that as I said he doesn’t cease unless his vultures according to him let us to sleep peacefully on our bed(all laugh)..the last one don’t worry hence the severity of the word sorry(all laugh a lot,.s into laughter)..saw how he was playing with our emotions there we knew one moment he’s our son next moment as his vultures would say a most hideous demon(all laugh)..” Lana(controlling herself a bit) : “well whatever Pubu I’m going to talk with his family today itself you arrange..(all laugh shaking their heads,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON)” Pablo(smile) : “of course don’t worry..” (bit later,call comes)
Lana(very worried) : “Pubu Randy’s a bit disturbed Giselle told me asked her to contact his home and tell the relations doctors..I’m going Jake,Sirrie stay with Millie..”
Pablo(concerned) : “yeah yeah let’s go..” (meanwhile,Giselle calls Mr Wolfgang,who with Cameron were just getting out of Oak Labs)..
Giselle(very worried) : “um..grandpa..” Wolfgang(bit surprized) : “yeah Giselle what happened..” Giselle(little tears) : “we’re at Lana aunty’s hospital ()..Millie is out of danger but Randy fell right in and Bosangria Police Head himself kept clapping as he did(all laugh..lot)..needs an operation badly injured told me to tell his resources for relation specialist doctors” Wolfgang(worried) : “yeah going it’s ok cut off alarm my office with my number..(cutting off)..(Cameron worried)..it’s Randy Cammie isn’t well medical need in Lana’s hospital himself asked for his backups..back to lab quick..i'm telling the Police..(Devon and Monroe tells the relations doctors in all the cities then calls the lab)..
Strawberry(picks up) : “if professionally busy be personally easy(all burst into laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “your baby twin(all laugh a lot) needs an urgent operation at (),Bosangria asked to send relations doctors 11 city has been connected already but I’ve almost reached to take you with me cause of only YOUR alleged opinion of their professionalism(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “professional worry hence personally can’t be sorry thus generalized to marry the difference with specifically the idea that tell to parry(all burst into laughter)..tell him this if he’s conscious if not what’s so big a personal deal about an improfessional gender(all burst into laughter) are you his daddy conventionally though due to the history of your personal life not legally(all laugh shaking their heads,Gary shakes his head laughing)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “I’m sending this to Charlie and if none of you or those 3 other scoundrels listen i'll involve Lastly(all un..) and i'm telling Professor I’m in NOT DEFFERRING(all burst into laughter)..”
Strawberry : “personal admirer of professional skin daring charming glaring sadly not earning(all burst into laughter)..what else then free breakfast once more come in come in..(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “I’m with the person who makes you tiffin bye(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “insinuate on the covers in my absence you’ll stay here today with a Hakamo-O alone(all laugh a lot) in a garage(all laugh a lot) right senility sh..so many variety sorry belly teethy hence sniffing bye..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” (Wolfgang cuts off frowning,Cameron is inside lab) Leah(bit worried) : “um..Sir..” Wolfgang(bit concerned) : “Wolfgang Bistorter,11 city general tribunal head..(shows his badge)..your youngest son is unwell..” Leah(shocked) : “what happened..”
Wolfgang(bit angry) : “nothing illegal just fall ill don’t worry about that ‘mam I’ve told the lab but as you know the sort of things he’s doing there I’ve discerned all barring Jubilee..”
Leah(worried) : “no Ze..”
Strawberry : “Ze..Zeze..affectioning of Joe breeching the trust signed moments ago Hakamo let’s O(all laugh a lot)..(Hakamo-O blinks around Mr Wolfgang)..”
Leah(frown) : “get this brat off him NOW(all laugh a lot,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for CIVILIZATION,..)..(Hakamo-O zaps out then returns invisible and holds up Mr Wolfgang)..”
Strawberry : “all is personal infirmity of this specific age Mr Ketchum(all laugh a lot,Goran,Stash and Seth laugh a lot and cheer for mom brat and uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter,all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Poppy,Mehadi and Gary shakes his head laughing) seeing someone ahead personally in similar situation specifically hence personally pondering over his personal mental state for your specific insurance of late Mr Ketchum temporally to be specific in definition(all burst into laughter,..) it’s only just that mental CUSHION PERSONALLY(all laugh shaking their head,..)”
Leah(frown) : “Ga..”
Strawberry : “Bi,Gabi..Gabriel Jr recently found cousins please Mr Ketchum i’m seeing this..(all laugh a lot)..”
Leah(frown) : “get Hikki off MENTALLY(all laugh a lot) and behave properly he has a duty for 12 years now(all laugh..lot)..” Strawberry : “2 more to be deemed dead finally end again Fowldung..sh..mentally sough(all laugh..shaking..) was with me PERSONALLY whole night don’t bother wants to confess his PROFESSIONAL delight..spouse and children all has bid farewell from him due to an accident/none knows for 12 years now if it was he himself or not logic is only the specification of the existence for it to be defined as so between what precedes and what’s the antecedent(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..this isn’t a drama Fowldung you’ve been relieved of fighting spirits now hence forgo your self acclaimed title of Sir and move ahead(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Leah(shout) : “SHUT UP you scoundrel(all laugh) Stash is in hospital Sir came here..” Strawberry : “to professionally insinuate it wasn’t his personal car just as I said check the systems ready made(all laugh shaking their heads) it’s ok Mr Ketchum this is a small matter please..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Leah(very angry) : “there’s no food today unless I meet Doctor Oak NOW(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(bit worried) : “um..’mam it’s ok we’re on an emergency..” Leah(frown) : “what do you mean(all burst into laughter,Stash cheers for STRAWBERRY Facepalm,all laugh even more,Gary uncontrollably laugh)..” Wolfgang(solemn) : “pokemon relations doctors are needed concerned ones already told now if the lab has any..” Leah(worried) : “um..well I don’t know Sir but may be Doctor Oak could(all laugh..lot)” Strawberry : “Mr Ketchum please calm down I’m going(all laugh a lot)..Ms Plavjar(all laugh..shaking..) can't help this it's a breach of professional understanding and personal honesty(all un..)” Wolfgang(frown) : “if only Professor..(Professor Oak comes)..ah there you are Professor..” Professor Oak(frown) : “I’ve heard Ga..”
Strawberry : “personally you’re celebrated for your professionalism(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(firmly) : “enough..do I get relations doctor or Frucifern..” Strawberry : “you’re not a professional here Fowldung don’t try your theories on personal innocence thanks..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Professor Oak(very angry) : “you..”
Strawberry : “know the best why we can’t afford so many PAYROLLED beaus(all laugh shaking their heads)..our subtle covers are never busted by the gross(all laugh a lot,Goran,Stash,Seth and Gary bursts int laughter) hence don’t bother to specify yourself to this self reclaimed personally proclaimed gentleman(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) and from today onwards subtract your foods too to honour his whole gang anything else..no..Fowldung let’s hoe(all laugh a lot)..”
Cameron(frown) : “hey don’t..(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “professionally CammieSilly personally hillbilly generalized sweet simile specifically thus..(very grave)..QUIT THIS MENTAL DUALITY CRITICALLY(all laugh a lot)..Fowldung professionally I’ll be busy so personally he can have my room and food today CammieSillie you look sturdy we’re sometimes on ration if today’s so take the money from my room donated through professional services removing mental obstruction singular never plural in case of personal bloom(all burst into laughter) take that it’s donated not asked for hence honest and ethical though of Dr Oak it’s immoral to receive cause it wasn’t through Elite4(all burst into laughter) we only required food and shelter and the pokemon’s necessities otherwise like this be born and satisfy the uncertainty of ideas in specificity anyway take that and satisfy your tongue’s PASSION(all laugh a lot)..Elite4 in this scenario has volunteered to look after everyone thus this financial ration(all laugh a lot)..I see not believing Fowldung throw () to your all encompassing relief or else(all laugh a lot,cheers for BANDITS FROM HONESTY,all un..,Goran,Seth and Gary shake their heads laughing)..(Wolfgang tells the proper places about donation)..() account () password inform them it’ll be refilled by my professional account managed by 11 city conglomerate on behalf of Kanto Elite4(all laugh a lot) after checking the validity of transaction of your side this account is personal(all burst into laughter)..Ms Plavjar(all laugh shaking their heads) that’s my 7 days expenditure to the fullest if I CAN earn which ever is immoral cause it violates the rights of another to earn but to become a customer(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus that’s my expenditure as a person a state of morbidity in which I won’t be found for that span anywhere specific thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..
Ruby(solemn) : “return here after the span cause you’re entering it only due to reasons that are illusive hence a subject deemed scientific thanks(all burst into laughter,..)”
Strawberry : “colloquially the improfessional ranks(all laugh shaking their heads)..right Fowldung hence leave him here for both it’ll be easy..(goes,Mr Wolfgang tells Cameron to come with them after telling something about)..(all laugh a lot)..I see this one to spy on that one for the concern of that one whose on that one that’s not on this one whose repellent not of that one,thickening(all burst into laughter)..(Monogram calls Strawberry)..Colony now only had to earmark the Monogram,deepening(all laugh a lot)
Monogram : “whole night went at Zipgarnet differentiating between judiciousness and canny(all laugh a lot)/charges must be heftier psychologically discolouring Sable from Yellow via integration so if any money..shh..money money money money just oh evaluates canny me..what not responsive fair enough i tried to define my thoughts(all un..long,cheers for LOOK-ONLY-AT,..)”
Strawberry : “oughts..that's to counter and to validate-personally get a professional wife not an apprentice nanny(all uncontrollably laugh,..) else she’ll melt with even the vision of your generalized eyebrows what to speak of specific honey bye..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,a few moments later Seth cheers for young flower dream,all laugh a lot,Mehadi uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter  oy)
Monogram : “till she asks you won’t you be me/when you smile at infinity through the eyes it’ll tell you to be she/thus you will look at the outside layers of the eye in too much glee/by then alas she the conceiver in similar logic has been he..emotional fools..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Strawberry : “sentimental tools then welcome never bye(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Ruby(frown) : “ring him up again and give the phone to me(all laugh)” Strawberry : “emotion Ms Plavjar is the crux of mind at this age especially how could I not be(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..anything else..no..thanks(all laugh a lot),anyway,Fowldung have relational vultures of Bosangria reached their prey(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown,showing his phone,a message from Lana that the relations doctors have reached but can’t do much) : “already fell into bay awaiting the rest 6 City now to join in their gay(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “all cause generally they ask this is specificity then tell themselves professionally that personally that of that not among that cause of that as not of that due to that of which only that not so much of that thus this indeed personally can’t be deemed as professionally that ETHICALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..) connect them to me on the way now..” Professor(frown) : “Mr Wolfgang just one thing I need to know that if there’s no solutions will you be able to work rationally no matter the hindrance across planes(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(solemn) : “that won’t be necessary Professor as we all realize what Dr Strawberry Facepalm just told Doctor Oak..I expect him to have a strong enough faculty of discrimination(all laugh) right we must go..” Strawberry : “a body is trivial Fowldung when you count the heads never in columns in total but the holistic deemed in statistics as population counted in rows..thanks(all lagh shaking their heads)..” (Mr Wolfgang,Cameron and Strawberry gets in the transport,meanwhile Ruby calls Zed) Ruby(frown) : “I hope you’re dual enough right now to understand your baby bro is in () hospital Bosangria at () needs urgent operation himself told to alarm the lab the response was as usual the factory head himself overriding his compeer of arms(all laugh a lot)..” Zed(smile) : “I’m only happy at his vigil against duality grandma else would’ve named the persons atleast smiling wholeheartedly not relish prospectively(all laugh shaking their heads,Goran,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON,..)” Ruby(frown) : “will after leaving(all laugh a lot)..” Zed(smile) : “a few professional will then be required to remove him from his ego the excision of the plane for emotionally hungry(all laugh shaking..) if it was induced by any means the Police has to pay the basics the advanced ones are part of compassion to invoke which they are paid a sum not morally self deceiving(all laugh a lot,cheers for SOCIETY,..)” Ruby(scowl) : “and you’ll continue this game still(all laugh)..” Zed(smile) : “if I don’t suddenly there’s monetary pressure conveyed by mere papers transforming into bills(all laugh a lot,cheers for CIVILIZATION)..” Leah(angry,was listening in conference) : “Zed listen unless..” Zed(laugh) : “mom please you know what amount patents can fetch what to speak of what amount 17 years of THOUGHTS have already fetched and then the number of clients that’s never scarce no matter the count cause of pokemons being ubiquitous just beat it(all laugh a lot)” Leah(very angry) : “you..”
Zed(smile) : “mom they will tell me if i’m needed don’t worry i’ll be prepared as will the society as will duality and thus reality it’s ok bye(all laugh a lot,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON)”
(Curly Mention calls Professor just after via an Alola Police Station)
Mention : “Igniegnu speaking(all laugh a lot,Goran,Seth,Gary and .controllably laugh)..” Leah(scowl) : “Mr Ketchum too seeking(all laugh a lot) the answer either you give else your clowns won’t return here today(all laugh)” Phantom : “neurological attention Mr Ketchum(all laugh a lot,Goran,Seth and Stash cheers for,DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST UNDERSTAND THIS THING/THAT IS MEANS WHAT WAS HERE ISN’T ANY MORE BUT HENCE NO MATTER TO KNOW THIS STATE OF ABSENSE TOO MENTALLY YOU WILL HAVE TO FEEL,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THUS SPIN THAT DASHING WHEEL,Brock shakes his head laughing) is the collateral sedimentation of situational emotions never in need unless mind itself is in with both the meaning of the colloquial word PRETENSION(all laugh a lot)..anything else(all laugh a lot)..” Ruby(scowl) : “Charlie had to know Mr Wolfgang was right to send him the audio JUST cause it rhymes(all laugh a lot)” Mention : “hence only he forgot to test the LOGICAL SHINE deepening(all burst into laughter)..” Ruby(scowl) : “and thus your eldest twin scoundrel is enough to treat the unanimous baby brat then huh(all laugh a lot)” Mention : “this idea of personal phone for professional communications Ms Plavjar is indeed thickening isn’t it(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) Ruby(scowl) : “and hence that scoundrel is absolutely assured of himself too despite his ego as is your disciple pest in his ability to discern this(all burst..)” 
Mention : “in spite of which if there they can do to do exactly what they're there Ms Plavjar have no suspicion that they only went there to validate the doctors when the representatives there claim he’s PHYSICALLY fit(all uncontrollably laugh,..) though can’t ever say if still mentally a hit(all uncontrollably laugh,..) against the dilution of emotions never worth the tickets no matter the movie if it’s a broken seat(all burst into laughter)..anything else(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Professor(grave) : “listen we don’t yet know..”
Mention : “existentially if it’s to or fro it’s not knowable Professor pardon me for my audacity cause once it’s known what’s unknown will grasp him whether he will be all energy or just a piece of petty matter(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Professor(grave) : “fare enough say what you were(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “Charlie disturbed my rights to understand humanity from a neutral perspective ALGORITHMICALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..) what’s his motivation this mental zenith or emotional aviation(all laugh a lot) at this young age of his Professor he can be in dilemma all along consciousness I can FEEL the existential manifestion of logical culmination..sshh..MADDENING(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Professor(angry) : “listen either you’re telling those two apprentice idiots of yours fo arranging the money and the proper doctors or..” Mention : “paying a fee for the disposal of the naturally decaying sectors by sectors PHYSICALLY that is(all laugh shaking their heads)..my confusion isn’t cleared Professor and i can assure you the same for all of us except one cause of the need for propagation with clarification to mean cause of laziness of obsession(all un..) and even that being have so many workers there that has to rectify my wrong decisions cause unlike this being i need to go to intention : the elaboration of destination(all un..)..” Professor(angry) : “you scoundrel it could be anything imaginable given Mr Wolfgang’s personal intervention..” Mention : “that Backstabang will himself tell our juniors Professor as a duty never obligation(all laugh a lot) what’s the reason behind Charlie’s ADULATION(all laugh a lot)” Professor(grave) : “he’s worried of ego an indomitable mental infection(all laugh a lot)..like you'll be here from Alola..too far#..” Mention : “Conclusion no further indeed#..Mist Far,#,..shh..PRISTINE indeed this lack of duality intelligence let’s be here a SMITE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/ego comes up if the reaction of this action is contemplated upon the reaction of that so just the WINDSCREEN is up an extra layer between enumeration and consciousness the layer of singular cognitive bits forming that ever proliferating measurement of BYTE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anything else(all burst into laughter,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)” Professor(frown) : “you disciples and your elder brat themselves declare all the time how it’s not like you for them the view of singular existence thus the momentary solution of ego being separation itself a breed of vulture isn’t applicable in their case cause it will become material(all laugh a lot,Ash cheers for NOMINALLY SWEET VULTURES,Gary and Lillie,Goran and Poppy,Seth and Mehadi uncontrollably laugh ach other in couples)..hence may be it's time any or all of you intervene their process(all laugh..lot)” Mention : “potency indeed is the reason for duality the precursor of sanity shh.. KEROSENE but nothing do what’s to do let’s LIGHT(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/when it’s sewed stitch by stitches it’s known to follow a pattern discerned from physical measurements thus an apparel should be but doesn’t become for the same reasons SMITHEREENS doesn’t give back the original no matter how much the combining force be TIGHT(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/that it’s impossible unless it’s another to stand for or against to befriend or FIGHT(all laugh a lot,Goran,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON,..)/hence this knowledge is ROUTINE indeed those who knows it has to know what is ego to bypass it the forever circular TRITE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..any logical fallacies detected(all burst into laughter)..” Professor(frown) : “non contingency rather that none your works till your baby brat is healthy again aren’t recognized by Oak labs(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “becoming other despite being own the CUISINE is to not be so let’s enjoy it’s splendour look SPEIGHT(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/if tasted the one cuisine of DOLPHIN it’s is different all time due to the perception of not being being different thus enjoying the duality itself knowing the reality let’s know more hence reverse thus KITE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/Ah!finally..VASELINE the product says but buyer says RIGHT(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/man CHOW-MEIN is my favourite um..no without turmeric hence WHITE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..any convolutions missed(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Ruby(very angry) : “listen you scoundrel unless Blithie comes here..(all laugh a lot)” Mention : “this ignition Ms Plavjar of uncertainty over happiness is dispersed with discrimination the GELATIN thus one remains detached from existence consciously appreciating it wanting it to remain unadulterated by even that SLIGHT(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/no duality to hold now this LIMINE doesn’t exist hereby abstraction let’s CITE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..any difficulties in ethnography(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Leah(frown) : “that unless you ensure the relationship you're not getting into it yourself and neither is Seth bye(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “then to properties they will have to say hallow never hi(all laugh..lot..shaking,Goran and Seth un..)”
Leah(very angry,shout) : “you scoundrel..(all burst into laughter)..” Mention : “thus welcome never bye..thanks(cuts off)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for DISCUSS GAP,..)” (Relations Doctors in conversation with Strawberry,middle) Relations Doctors : “no we can’t..”
Strawberry : “just keep him up personally I’ll see professionally..shuu..i the left discontent..Daily Daily HOLOGRAM(all uncontrollably laugh,Gary..Critical Pat,#,..)” Relations Doctor : “well then we won’t be needed would we..” Strawberry : “personally not professionally bye(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(bit angry) : “hey he..”
Strawberry : “professionally trying against the self-personalization into she thanks(all burst into laughter)..professionally take the shortest route if personally you can’t specifically you’ll understand before I leave this term how make a retired Beautifly turn into a generalized new Hoot-Hoot move it(all laugh a lot)..Oh Focus Oh Focus/driver oh whose focus#..Gary..Master Brats,#,..”
Driver(very angry) : "hey hey Zip it#..Focal Bludgeon,#,.."
Strawberry : "Oh Going Through to space/alas verily says what's left/ei Verbatim team of dim is i/or my verily Mural spy#..what not happy fair enough i only described the Siphon of destination-departure conservation being journey#..Verily Verbatim,#,.."
Cameron(sitting beside Strawberry,frown) : “um..yeah but#..excuse me..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “say one more word physically I’ll retreat egocentrically,thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..oh focus oh focus/aptly oh boo who focus/wheel wheel running though to spice/focus oh then you bludgeon/mural oh look siphons/focus who me or thee or..
me me me me me me/alas focus bludgeoned just to see#..what not responsive fair enough i only tried to search thee#..Aptly Opine,#,..”
Driver(scowl) : "just to be if it's me..countering move it#..The professional Ego,#,.."
..(Charlie calls)..
Charlie : “he needs treatment that you..”
Strawberry : “a disavowed orphan like you having been reared up on bits and pieces thrown at you with more apathy that a dying dog is thrown a piece of sucked up meat so that his personal misery specifically INCREASES mentally(all laugh) now being able to make own dishes will understandably be too worried if his reputation of an honest man the future doubts to carry especially in the personal vicinity of professional Scythes move it(cuts off)..(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Cameron(bit tender) : “um Mr Straw..(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “Berry,Mr Berry(all burst into laughter) personally a name is devised to professionally assure the personality that generally the specification should professionally impersonalize the person so that professionally the transactions in specificity is generally personified most professionally which if were generally true then specifically the person would’ve been never happy of improfessionality towards the personal professionalism that was the very beginning why it deployed a personalized way to classify itself professional thus to generally avoid this specific professional disturbance a person may use a generalized name to specify himself professionally anything else..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Cameron(bit taken aback) : “um..just that I accidentally I came to know Randy and I’ve been much grateful to him um..professionally(all burst into laughter) for getting me out of a um..personal mess(all burst into laughter)..my parents are directors of a very profitable IR corporation..” Strawberry : “thus rejoicing in donation(all laugh shaking their heads)..as they should be professionally though personally it’s no more than generalizing the specific idea of another thanks(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(bit startled) : “um..I just want to know if he has a family like just now you told someone that he..(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “forgot to be she thanks(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “Si..”
Strawberry : “E,to see,Mr Sign-In Flight(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Wolfgang(frown) : “hum..honesty in due ethics indeed Mr Facelpalm how should your food and room be used today then..(all laugh)” Strawberry : “professionally unless one is assured that he’s a person he can’t transact professionally in the general personification of specificity thus one must understand that to be a personal one has to specifically be professional in generality thanks(all burst into laughter)..food for thought as in the thought told a thought just as it was or indded this though..shh..so comprisin' Stashey broke the contemplation#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..” Wolfgang(frown) : “your donation went to Randy’s treatment VIA sewage authorities(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “he’s not personally registered as a professional with them thus no matter the general memorandum of understanding which excluded his medical expenses unless he’s a ravening covetous greedy lowlife why would they allow this at the cost of their self defined moral specificity(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “the rest too are too enough for the whole world except exactly you and Ghastly Dr Hakamo Hands-O(all laugh a lot)..and the other was coward enough to preempt himself even before the very start"
Strawberry : "being the follower of the cerebral critique of meaningful art indeed(all un..,..THE CLINICAL ONES,all un..,Goran and Poppy too un.. ..)"
Wolfgang(frown) : "i see..may I know if your PHYSICAL capacity has reached the state to eat grass and hay(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “no we get free food free shelter free entertainment free treatment free everything professionally if we go for our training personally to Jubilee don’t worry(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “hope Mr Zed Ketchum will show up there(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “why don’t you call him specifically(all laugh)” Wolfgang(frown) : “I thought he should be worried generally(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “only an improfessional losing himself in the specificity of general illusion of personal psychophysical existence like you would be so torrid(all laugh shaking their heads)” Wolfgang(frown) : “are you assured of your height Mr Facepalm” Strawberry : “professionally not personally thus yeah specifically I may have a family in future which wouldn’t be so unless it’s possible generally(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “so there’s a tinge of regret then(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “professionally the personal art of forgetfulness that your law can’t exist with simultaneously isn’t it(all shake their heads laughing)” Wolfgang(frown) : “yeah the next best(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “where general haste hinders the specificity to generalize isn’t it(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “are you aware of the fact that you’ve not started your career yet..(all laugh)” Strawberry : “personally(all burst into laughter)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “tell me about the culpability professionally(all laugh)” Strawberry : “generally a specification is deemed so due to it’s general understanding only via specification absent unless it’s general in reality thus specifically it’s not a concern to generality(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “thus you’ll professionally celebrate while your twin personally dies there won’t you..” Strawberry : “calibrate the general specificity of specific generalization(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “then continue as an unfulfilled man by your own admission” Strawberry : “personally(all burst into laughter)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “exactly why it wasn’t in your power to join him cerebrally(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “the personal backyard wasn’t upto it professionally(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “which they never will due to your own admitted lack of perfection thus you’re personally found guilty of perjury professionally(all laugh)” Strawberry : “from all corners in reflections symmetrically(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “then you turn out to be the worst outlaw in history trying to leave a mark..” Strawberry : “methodically(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(scowl) : “then you admit that you regret sending him there..” Strawberry : “logically(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “you’re only entrapping yourself Mr Facepalm do you realize it..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “purportedly(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “so you have a way out then despite hearing his first injury..” Strawberry : “philosophically(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(scowl) : “that he shouldn’t have embroiled himself PSYCHOPHYSICALLY in it I expected professionalism from you Mr Facepalm you failed even personally(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “metaphorically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Wolfgang(frown) : “that he could’ve eschewed his method of hammering the ideas cerebrally(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “categorically I failed to pursue him to remain ballistic not drastic(all burst into laughter) that’s his improfessionalism not to personally understand my professional metaphor that a tune being attuned is vulnerable to generality personally unless it’s specific thanks(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “and how many times you tried to pursue him..” Strawberry : “whenever I could logically sue my personal idea of professionally being me or him to him(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “thus being no-thing you only re-fall in your trap of being something(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “personally that’s the specification of professional generalizing(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “the aptitude of your colleagues at arms there that they too wasn’t upto the mark for you to join their twin here(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “if all wants generalization of personality they will be deemed specific is profession won’t they(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “if someone was about to commit a suicide what would you do..” Strawberry : “professionally reprise him as his personal beau(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “and then what if his genderous interest is told via sources of the exhorted methods of yours and she goes to meet you..” Strawberry : “professionally she would’ve been shown that personally to herself she was steel unknown thus specifically she may think of stat to disown her idea of a generalized being being her thus being ever unknown(all laugh a lot)..besides Fowldung i thought he is only the brevity of she..in usage not parameters of being a self#..” Wolfgang(frown) : “and you’re hellbent to prove that all else will make personal mistakes in this process cause they won’t be professional(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “unless they personally think their professional joy is specifically nominal(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “well they won’t exist psychophysically if it’s seminal(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “thus should’ve been their method to treat all as not for them only a terminal(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “well someone like would’ve done this same thing cause you live your life in so much luxury(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “the specific goods I have to personally use cause they can’t generally produce in my professional factory(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “that’s exactly communication systems(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “someone with a professional purse(all burst into laughter) should’ve cared to give a call given his personal fame(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “despite his words not to send him home..” Strawberry : “the exact personal fault to not be professionally mindful of the general variety of any specific gnome(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(agitated) : “hey he’s not a convicted criminal like you ok(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “I see specifically a personal failure(all burst into laughter)..what is the personal assurance that he stayed with you all along specifically(all laugh a lot)..no hold it Fowldung knows the implications professionally(all laugh shaking their heads)” Cameron(angry) : “listen mate I’m hearing you for..” Strawberry : “is this a threat Silly(all laugh)..Silly..alas then not..aww..Silly..or Silly Silly Silly Silly/Concern looks Hunts from non existence-family(all un..long,..Cameron..Simile Popcorn,#,..)” Wolfgang(firmly): “Cammie please!..(all laugh)..” Cameron(grumble) : “yeah and this is all his courage for all those wise words shame on you man..” Strawberry : “not defined out of metaphor isn’t it Backstabang(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(very angry) : “hey..”
Wolfgang(firmly) : “Cammie enough!you’ll have to change your carriage unless you recall where we’re going and why(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “thus keep up the personal hope of reaching professionally somewhere(all laugh a lot)..”
Cameron(scowl) : “from where have you got so much ego huh!..” Strawberry : “where specifically I tried to professionally refine them in a bid to forgo(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “he knows way more than your 4 words(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Strawberry : “higher the rank lesser the words Fowldung writes only EVICT has to sweetly blab for an hour his disgruntled stewards(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(scowl) : “I’ll see how you escape the public wrath(all laugh)” Strawberry : “only visible if you can’t personally understand that doesn’t remove rather relocates no matter the professional cost of your daily bath(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(grumble) : “yeah just wait till you lose all dear ones PERSONALLY through your hideous path(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “professionally in the present term Fowldung surely we can’t disprove math(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(very angry) : “what sort a scoundrel are you huh..” Strawberry : “that only specifies your sentiment shouldn’t you be able to generalize duh(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(extremely angry) : “you..grandpa no matter his success send him to confinement WITHOUT ANY POKEMON IN VICINITY with convicts for a month(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “the infinite privacy Silly Silly humans are perceptive of pokemons no matter the absence of the specific existential punt(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(scowl) : “I see too much bonhomie(all laugh a lot)..in another term you wouldn’t have been able to do a damn thing you lowlife” Strawberry : “thus would’ve taken up something else..insinuate SILLY(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(very angry) : “yeah your girlfriend could only be Ghastly Phantom who betrayed the critique(all un..,Stash..Critique of Sanity,all un..,..GHASTLY A CLINICAL PHANTOM,all un..) I understand hence so much lecture how to be perfect wife as if you’re being yourself(all burst into laughter)” Strawberry : “well even if she gave her soul up for me to me it wasn’t still all that for me she should withstand(all laugh)..” Cameron(scowl) : “listen if you were so much exhorted in your life you would’ve been not here atleast right now would you..” Strawberry : “specifically(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “yeah I’ll see how you react when your flower bouquet is instantly snatched away for projecting it a personality(all un..long,..LILLIE FLOWER,Lillie and Gary uncontrollably laugh)” Strawberry : “professionally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..
(Zed calls Mr Wolfgang)
Wolfgang(frown) : “finally then  Mr Zed Ketchum alias alias(all laugh)..” Zed(smile) : “little kids Sir all playing in glee if anything was wrong wouldn’t have asked of themselves why aren’t you me(all laugh)” Wolfgang(frown) : “so you’re Jubilee Hands-On finally then(all laugh)..” Zed(smile) : “or you or anyone(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “why are you here(all laugh a lot)..” Zed(smile) : “the illusion of pokemons already broken duty is the convolution Sir couldn’t get WOKEN(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “that’s purest ego to me..” Zed(smile) : “exactly what I just told thee(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “I see it’s useless to talk with you then#..Jubilee Hands-On,#,..” Zed(smile) : “all a garland of my mental pain indeed(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “lastly,do you have any feeling for anyone(all laugh a lot)..” Zed(smile) : “it’s a blasphemy unless always ever for all of those categorized as me thus can’t be one” Wolfgang(frown) : “bye(cuts off)..(all laugh a lot)..so that’s all your Jubilee Hands-On ain’t it Mr Facepalm..” Strawberry : “professionally anyone only can tell you of his personal equilibrium 2 years Fowldung long long time retire voluntarily save me from mine thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(scowl) : “I’ll see how that scoundrel doesn’t pay his fortunes(all laugh)” Strawberry : “it’s strange exactly when people should personally be professionally opportune thanks(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(scowl) : “thus he taught you to support any act of brutal inhumanity(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “a layer of glare upon our own illusive morbidity(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “why did he call me not you(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “he opines there’s more than one way to channel the laces through the holes of a shoe..(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(scowl) : “I will churn out each penny I expend from him while he awaits the penalty(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “exactly what I told you that’s the all inclusiveness of his just paid royalty(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “where’s he now exactly(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “where he can make sure he’s best positioned to combat this duality singularly(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “why he never speaks of Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “cause he doesn’t recognize anyone including himself as another thus nothing he can carry on(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(scowl) : “I’ll see how he continues to do his job with two prison sentences(all laugh)” Strawberry : “he’ll still be employed if you execute him you lose a labour he’ll be most grateful for this favour cause to him it only means he can go away sooner while him as any kind of an idea alone you will have to till reality savour thus he doesn’t want to create any hindrances(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “I’ll see how he succeeds to get into any other profession(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “whatever you say due to his ways of one way traffic from him not the viseversa or both with him you can never break your relation(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(scowl) : “so that’s your eternal beau then(all burst into laughter)” Strawberry : “professionally me personally never my thus specifically ever thee generally never thy thanks(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “even I understand whose Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “there’s no proof though still intuition Fowldung is professionally too mere cause personally always there’s a general flare in that specific glare thanks(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “grandpa why are they intruding others(all laugh)” Wolfgang(frown) : “cause they’re excluding themselves(all laugh a lot)..till Mr Zed Ketchum relieves himself,Randy Tantrum gets into his profession,Charlie has already fallen in Doldrum with TEAM SKULL thankfully..(all laugh),Lastly The Disciple Monogram won’t Phantom around as Ghastly anymore once gets a beau whose an expert in the same art in reverse(all laugh a lot,cheers for SOMBRE STAT,all laugh even more,Seth cheers for attitude,Mehadi laughs a lot  oy,Seth laughs and keeps tendering her),the discussion of critique of sanity finally finds a screen upon philosophy to adjust the meaningless and unnecessary projection which will be there for the exact reverse just to learn if she too would've thought like herself(all burst..,Stash..Incentive Overdose,all burst..,Poppy un..) and this scoundrel will most happily lose it exactly like Ghastly’s disciple's fountain if he sniffs ONLY HIS METAPHORICAL flower that isn't personalization(all laugh a lot,..LILLIE FLOWER,..)..” Cameron(scowl) : “yeah I understand the bookings especially the last one LITERALLY(all laugh a lot,..LILLIE FLOWER) match made in heavens indeed(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “elastically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Cameron(frown) : “how old are you PHYSICALLY(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “it’s very difficult to professionally say that Silly cause that changes every day personally doesn’t it..SILLY(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(frown) : “yeah i asked that cause i don't believe any documents unless i myself see them first hand on someone who declared his self not himself to be professional at the age of 3(all laugh..lot,..HUSH!PROFESSONALISM!,..)..what’s your daily routine cause you seem to always professionally impersonal(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “2.5 hours of knockout..” Cameron(frown) : “and hence the effects PSYCHOPHYSICALLY(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “transitionally(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(frown) : “can I ask you any PROFESSIONAL questions(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “impersonally(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “for () and () plane why a Ferrothorn if not positioned undoubtedly in his mind on the divergence of () plane behaves shakily(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “this is a personal attempt to generalize professional indecision thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(scowl) : “grandpa why is this clown so extolled hum..(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “cause he knows how to categorize the shakiness mentally(all laugh)” Cameron(frown) : “after generalizing it(all laugh a lot)..thus this attempt is futile isn’t it(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “aesthetically(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “and not synthetically(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “equitably(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Cameron(frown) : “you don’t know the answer which someone like you won’t admit gracefully(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “personally(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “so what if I’m(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “this personal obstinacy of yours with specification is why our destination is what it is now professionally(all laugh)” Cameron(frown) : “mentally(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “metaphysically(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(frown) : “see I was among the top students of the whole 9 cities in my last semester a list which includes YOUR disciples(all laugh) and for a matter of fact still it was a certain MS Mehadi WATERFLOWER whom you might know(all laugh a lot,Gary cheers for SHUT UP!HE TOLD ME TO BE PHYSICALLY READY FROM BEFORE HENCE DIDN’T GO AWOL NEXT DAY TOO UNLIKE YOU TAKE THAT YOU NAMECALL,all burst into laughter,Goran and Stash cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)..she was on the top of trainers section none of your disciples could hack it atleast(all laugh a lot)..then her 4th eldest sis you know critically indeed(all laugh..lot,Gary cheers for,GARY I WARN YOU DON'T ANALYZE WHAT HE THINKS OF BEING without doing it first on what he falsifies while transposing,all un..,Seth and Stash..THE DOCUMENTS OF DEALING,all un..)..she is the best in terms of referee's courses from Ransei where she is competing now UNLIKE YOU(all laugh..lot) ok that's after high actual career but still it shows how great she is there and refereeing is something in which none of your side came remotely close even(all laugh..lot)..yes your side took the tile on the breeding and research side but did worst in the relational doctor studies section and for the biology and treatment sections they weren’t any different to us though they did top it and then the most crucial part your patent one the medicine tests part(all laugh a lot) your side did take the top by unearthing new directions once more for obvious reasons(all laugh a lot)..none of which could be proved at that time due to being empirical later each failed only when they were asked to be another from what they know countering the systematic overdoses of mental Ho-Oh#..and this all is only to paraphrase the fact that there are more myth to truth on your professional capabilities and mostly just to tell you that I take my professional pride in the fact that I give everything I can to procure constantly from myself which I don’t desist from cause I know and have seen that it’s infinite and this I say only to further highlight the fact that me not trailing your side by much at all infact no more than the smallest margin of two units in cumulation simply puts the fact clear enough to me that no matter what you are only building an edifice on hoax no more especially given your very own compeers wish to be PROFESSIONAL pokemon trainer something you never stated cause you're too egotistical for even pokemons to show your drawbacks certainly not PERSONALLY(all laugh..lot)..” Strawberry : “for your statistics and your estimates and your efforts Silly I have one answer to the infinitude of your specific capabilities against generalized probabilities the answer is you do whatever you do may be like none else but because you know it personally here’s the professional answer for that it’s done EMOTIONALLY(all burst into laughter)..better than doing intelligently still cause it differentiates itself(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(frown) : “so basically unless someone behaves like you they’re not deemed professional(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “psychophysical(all burst into laughter)..professionally this psychophysical specification of a personality is generalized the best if it’s professionally personified as to generalize the specific idea of professional duality appearing personally thus a specific person must be professional in understanding it generally,thanks(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(frown) : “even I can professionally gibberish in this specific baseless language personally to generalize my idea of you specifically(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “conceptually(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(frown) : “and this isn’t a concept to you but actual(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “Fowldung who is responsible for producing such personal retards at Bosangria specifically(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “you(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “then is there any point to specifically force us to personally abide by your self proclaimed best not right judgments(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “to contain your professional reach among your idea of the appearing generality(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “porosity(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “it rhymes with ferocity(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “necessity(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “we can say the same too” Strawberry : “personally(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(frown) : “no grandpa no matter what he says saw how he couldn’t answer me on which he boasts himself and as I said none of his disciples could take an unequivocal stand at the professional studies so surely there’s more myth to truth they are only brainwashing to serve to them just as they enter their profession they will spurn them away just as they see as they would say personally those who are as you said too sweetie(all laugh a lot)..then they will do the same with them for them it’s all a tool to just play this game of theirs and no the pokemons they service you know how they misbehave for sometimes surely it’s just that they are hiding some medicines procured by means of Hakamo-O by means of sabotage which is carried out by that brat Ze..” Strawberry : “stop the cars(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “Boban shut your ears(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “truth hurts doesn’t it Mr Berry go on I’ll see how you better Randy atleast he has the courage to face people directly(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “if general truth didn’t specifically hurt it wouldn’t personally be so would it..SILLY(all burst into laughter,Goran,Stash and Seth cheer for PALKIAN CHAIN,..)..I intervened you professionally not personally cause(all laugh a lot) first of all Mr Zed Ketchum can’t personally sabotage cause he will be involved in each side professionally thus it’s implausible for him which by now you should’ve understood specifically given the generalization expected of you which no matter the output the factory workers know(all laugh a lot)..to answer you I’ll recommend you this piece of audio lastly from mind the order and the name along with each and any possible insinuations Mr Next to Ghastly Phantom(all laugh a lot,Tracey cheers for OH!SO GLORIOUS!,Seth un..)..
Monogram(a record) : none can be better than another cause they will be measured against them thus becoming the other to those who are another thus it’s relative not absolute hence space isn’t plausible is it Randy rhyming with any math exhibition committee lead student union rusticated Hitmonlee(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock cheers for WELCOME TO ANOTHER EPISODE OF->DARK NIGHTS with BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all laugh for a few minutes in similar way)..”..”
Gary(fits of laughter) : “yeah I knew the phrase from our family like all but not in this context man this is the real crux of Playboy life in front of public just imagine this 100 years later right today the literature is in the audios thankfully a MASTERPIECE : DARK NIGHTS with BRAT KETCHUMS(all un..,..)”
Violet(fits of laughter) : “and the crook has unveiled it once more like,go forward with an open heart understanding you and me/the difference remains only in mind cause neither side feelings deem to be(all un..,..)..”
Brock(laughing a lot) : “no these brats tricked me once more now etched me in history finally of ridicule(all laugh a lot)..man I heard that modified name and didn’t know where I was(all laugh a lot)..these master brats have defamed me literally(all laugh a lot)..”
Violet(laughing a lot) : “no it has reached Rue already(all laugh a lot)..man this is just pure money(all laugh a lot)..”
Stash(laughing a lot) : “metaphysically(all laugh a lot)..anyway this restarts(all laugh a lot)..
Strawberry(contd) : “..(contd)..that’s for your confusion over this profession as in a whole given the ranks of any kinds the higher ones are a personal security not a professional assiduity thanks(all laugh a lot)..this was recorded as Mr Randy reported him on you first day and expressed his opinions that there might be some professional substance in any one of you compared to the factory workers cause you all followed him to a place yeah it was utter foolishness driven by emotion except the case for the last not male that met him first time the name I recall Heavily Trustful(all laugh a lot) this was to personally help him in categorization(all laugh a lot) anyway the personally purported professional question was for () and () plane why a Ferrothorn if not positioned undoubtedly in his mind on the divergence of () plane behaves shakily(all laugh)..the answer is keep the record on professionally if temporal scale is to be specified..”
Cameron(frown) : “enough move it..(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(irritated) : “Boban don’t slip it(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “ethically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..so CammiSilly,the professional idea of a personal pokemon is the basic generalization of the specification of personality existing across the generalized profession of specification personifiable only cause of the professional view of a professional as specified as a person generally thus keeping it professionally in the personal mind a pokemon is only specifiable if generally () plane synchronizes with () plane personally by means of the () process the professionalization of what is best described by the personal assurance of generality at () plane in personal psychic of a generally deemed specific person cause professionally it’s only the personification of specifying generality thus in actuality the professionalism itself is deemed personal due to the reverse process thus it’s possible to specify the general only cause it’s possible viseversa which is the reason why both are implausible thus personally professionalizable from this a pokemon embodies by means of..” Wolfgang(frown,Lana has called him) : “his hospital head..” Strawberry : “professionally calibrating themselves in () plane..” Wolfgang(scowl) : “he can hear it from the records(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “by specifying the () plane’s () part’s () section’s () sub stationary renaissance(all laugh a lot) by means of personal capacity specified in () plane coming from the generalized () plane of () plane’s () section that..(all laugh)..” Cameron(bit puzzled) : “um..please it’s okay..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “fare enough I don’t specify myself professionally hence this is personally not generalizable thanks(all burst into laughter)..whose personally forgetting to professionalize the general appearance of a vendor/specified in a mass of personal stool(all laugh shaking their heads) why so much viscous splendor(all laugh shaking their heads)” Wolfgang(frown) : “the person who has been made to wait for around 10 minutes due to your professional planes is professionally not ingenderous thanks(all burst into laughter)” Strawberry : “specifically forgets the general operation of a commercial bank thanks(all burst into laughter),yeah whose feeling rather personal today(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Lana(taken aback) : “sorry I understand your..” Strawberry : “opacity(all burst into laughter)” Lana(frown) : “I see it’s one of those effusive 6 then finally after such a long wait as this one is the most polite guess in rhymes(all laugh)” Strawberry : “contrite(all burst into laughter)..” Lana(scowl) : “I see cause despite(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “foresight(all burst into laughter)” Lana(angry) : “listen you scoundrel either I’m talking to Mrs Ke..” Strawberry : “ttle,Kettle,Mrs Ketonemia Kettledrum(all uncontrollably laugh,..) anything else(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(frown) : “isn’t possible cause nothing can concern a fiendish personal like you professionally(all laugh)” Strawberry : “homogeneously(all burst into laughter)..” Lana(very angry) : “you brat connect me to his mom..” Strawberry : “get a professional mirror personally move it(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Police : “just a second Mr Facepalm it’s the Bosangria Police(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “specific chips professionally dips in personal blips thus generally confused why there’s no single meaning of crisp anything else(all burst into laughter)..” Police : “it was caused by a scuf..”
Strawberry : “fle,scuffle..thus if he is personally dead now his family should understand your logic that it’s a specific murder(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..and thus have to provide you informations by being personal not professional thus is the power of yours to infer(all uncontrollably laugh,..)
Police : “refer(all laugh a lot)..”
Strawberry : “if generalized then it becomes the same with infer thus now you should personally investigate why the professional forgot the specific order shouldn’t you to reach the most generalized solution not emanating personal oder(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..Fowldung and Silly try confessing your longing for this phone again you’ll wake up in personal jail thanks(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..why do I have to confess my longing for your interference(all laugh a lot)..”
Police : “Mr Tantrum provoked the subject..” Strawberry : “to discern himself as an object thanks(all burst into laughter)..try cutting off and revitalize your Arcanine’s cognitive path thanks(all laugh a lot)..how do you know what was spoken between two persons professionally(all laugh)..” Police : “we’ve found the records..”
Strawberry : “found(all laugh shaking their heads)..oh desrie and duty go round and round..round and round..all humdrum long#..Conscious Precious,#,..” Police : “by means of complaints..” Strawberry : “personally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Police : “that’s our profession thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “impersonally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police : “well that’s how you or Tantrum are alive still no don’t bother categorically(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “grammatically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anything else as other#..The professional Ego,#,..” Police : “well it’s of no use talking to you then thus you see in reverse you’re only wasting your efforts trying to educate us(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “phenomenally(all burst into laughter)” Police : “do you want to talk with the accused..” Strawberry : “suffused(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “just a second..” Strawberry : “past be at present move it(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “yeah do as he says else will kill a poor kid mentally right now(all laugh)” Strawberry : “historically(all burst into laughter)..” Police : “here’s your guest Mr Pablo Dislom” Strawberry : “Mr Mellow Boredom welcome professionally(all laugh shaking their heads)” Pablo(concerned) : “um..no it’s ok I’ve been hearing this of sort of language since last night(all laugh)..but um look all I want to say is that..” Strawberry : “you’re neither a doctor nor a professional at our profession as a personal proctor nor have much PHYSICAL money(all uncontrollably laugh,..) were you drunk then personally not professionally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Pablo(disappointed) : “no I wasn’t drunk neither specifically nor generally(all un..) but I do have money atleast some amount..” Strawberry : “save it generally not personally expend it professionally not specifically bye(all laugh a lot)..stay here and see him die there personally kill him there and be here professionally thanks(all laugh a lot)” Police : “so it’s of no use for us to be here then(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “that’s not under my professional jurisdiction is it Fowldung(all laugh)..are they taught with relation doctors there they’re abusing pokemons professionally hindering their generalizational capacities register this complaint..(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “my jurisdiction wouldn’t do so hence you all stay put and continue the current vigilance more rigorously right see you..and yeah Mr Facepalm your complain will be registered only after you cure your bro(all laugh)” Strawberry : “morally(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “personally yeah(all laugh)” Cameron(bit disappointed) : “um..Mr Berry I’m just a bit curious..” Strawberry : “materially(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(bit concerned) : “um..yeah forgive me(all laugh)..no please allow me(all laugh a lot)..no please Mr Berry just a..(all burst into laughter)” Strawberry : “proportionately(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(bit concerned) : “um..are you all like don’t have parents or some are orphans may be as you said I mean I’m sorry if I hurt you by any means but um..I go to orphanages and places like that sometimes with a few friends of mine and um..I mean if the mental abuse was um..too harsh um..(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “ontologically(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(bit concerned) : “um..no but the way you were giving that answer it felt like..um..as if..um..hands-on(all laugh a lot,cheers for CIVILIZATION)..well Randy I understand wasn’t much methodical knowledge all too minute intuitive capacity and yeah may be it’s better than any methods as it also seems for the case of um..Mr Ghastly Phantom(all laugh a lot) Randy was doing same things like his pain was so tangible despite we all understanding that’s it’s completely imaginary and meaningless which he knew before anyone(all laugh a lot,Violet cheers for VULTURE THRILLER,..) but you um..how do you know all of these things cause I understand all these are books and all cause though all of it is new I guess cause I know most names it’s just mixed together no better than than 6th grade knowledge before middle school(all laugh a lot) but when you said those just were the expression the meanings were completely different(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE MEANING) hence I understand that it’s impossible to learn these things by practice cause then you cultivate habits but not like..um..faculty of mental conduits(all burst into laughter)” Strawberry : “epistemologically(all burst into laughter)..this specification of subject and object Silly is the reason why you’re bounded by personalities/in abstraction as subjects yet calling it the professional connectivity..emotionally(all burst into laughter)..how old are you Silly personally(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(bit discomforted) : “16..” Strawberry : “be professional(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(bit concerned) : “um..(bit excited)..yeah I understand it like first force a generalized idea then as soon as it tries to specify itself again generalize it and thus continue..(bit shocked)..but um..this too then like Randy won’t end till the as he would’ve said the difference perishes(all laugh a lot)..but then you will forcefully try to make everything you and the viseversa and thus as it’s said it’s nothing hence it’s all that’s real but um..that and pokemons..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “lithographically(all burst into laughter)..what’s Silly’s relation to you Fowldung..” Wolfgang(straight) : “my grandson’s bosom friend more like brothers..” Strawberry : “thus fiends as they’re others(all laugh a lot)..why has the personal generalization not specified professionally Silly(all laugh)” Cameron(bit concerned) : “but um..it’s like natural isn’t it no matter the words all is um..just a matter of that feeling(all laugh a lot,Gary,Goran,Stash and Seth in unison cheers for JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK,all laugh even more,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” Strawberry : “only if you can professionalize it(all laugh)..” Cameron(concerned) : “um..yeah indeed but um then no matter whether assured or not it will be like always like not another thus my own illusion of me contrasted to that if perfected I get myself but that can’t be done personally thus professionally one must generalize the specific observations persistently and thus the behaviour will be like wise but um..a bit naive like um..as if it’s their tool the consciousness to collect the corps harvested before like..um..but um..is that possible even cause um..it makes no sense why would they waste this labour only to see what they already know(all laugh a lot,Gary,Goran,Seth and Stash cheer for ROCK JACKAL ROCK,all laugh even more,Tracey and Brock shake their heads laughing)” Strawberry : “cause body contains antibody necessary to each other thus your conjecture is possible only serologically(all uncontrollably laugh,..),anyway Fowldung is your grandson older to him” Wolfgang(straight) : “same age personally as is semester professionally(all laugh)” Strawberry : “I see what are the concerns Silly with personal suicides(all laugh)” Cameron(bit taken aback) : “um..no it’s..” Strawberry : “Fowldung brief your adventures through specific rows(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “a perfect square topologically(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “with this sort of naivety unlike you..SILLY(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Cameron(bit disappointed) : “um..no I understand but um..Gissie is just..um..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “personal(all laugh a lot)..what about the other and the degree of truth on the description of the same as another(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(bit disappointed) : “um..no the description is accurate but um..she’s like my little sis it’s abhorrent her behaviour..” Strawberry : “specifically not generally deepening(all laugh a lot)..Fowldung the two leftovers have they personally been ripened enough to be specific about their relationship in specifications of personalities thickening(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “not in my knowledge..” Strawberry : “it should’ve been too easy for someone like your personally isn’t it ripening(all laugh shaking their heads)” Cameron(offended) : “hey..(all laugh)” Wolfgang(frown) : “he means my post’s powers and my PROFESSIONAL experiences dear calm down if it was what you are thinking would’ve raised the topic in front of Professor there itself at night only after the pokemons gave me medicines though(all laugh) it’s a never ending road your intuitions EMBODIED(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “photographically(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “we can be assured of it professionally by means of you or Randy but personally it can be done today itself given you manage everything and the fact that you’ll need a prey itself unless you get something Hands-On there for your personal needs to mortify that idea you illusion never disambiguation(all laugh) no don’t bother personally not professionally(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “orthogrphically(all laugh a lot)..and it’s your responsibility nor my duty to pay for the specification of your ward personally thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)” Cameron(bit disappointed) : “um..grandpa please they always make simplest things look gravest due to their professional requirements(all laugh) it’s just preposterous to think of things that they always are intentionally thinking to spice up their chewing methods like when we spoke with Randy the best of things he’ll say then again swear us horribly as I said just to continue his own game like Mr Berry is saying and told about Mr Hands-On we don’t exist to them and hence they categorically show that always to them included it’s just so absurd their whole beings you know..” Strawberry : “holographically(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(bit disappointed) : “no I get you Mr Berry but how can you like behave in a way that to all seems like so like inhumane(all laugh a lot,cheers for JUMPING INTO OCEAN WITH MARILL WILL BE RUING,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Strawberry : “inane(all burst into laughter)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “don’t bother we’ve finally reached thankfully(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “specifically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(getting down from car)..” (inside) Lana(frown) : “so this is finally Mr Strawberry Facepalm Professionally in Personal Embodiment(all laugh)..at 6/10 at around 100 kgs extremely well built despite the reports saying starving 6 days a week and temporally as a teenager still(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “odiously(all laugh a lot)..personal appearance is the professional assurance of generalized duality ‘mam hence ever specifically unsecured thus variable the second word after ready is steady before that none can go fundamentally not essentially which is prohibited before thus the third step..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Lana(frown) : “yeah come in Sir come in all are ready just for you PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “deliberately(all laugh a lot)..” A Relations doctor : “Welcome Mr Ga..” Strawberry : “ily,Gaily..Mr Gaily Gadolinium(all laugh a lot) fail to meet professional standards even after general instructions see your courses re-updated each day for next month..just to be the most UPDATIN' thanks..flexibility never thoughs(verb),countering meaning ever sough(all un..long)..” Relations Doctor : “I see professional in distributive combinatorics(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “circularly(all laugh)..” A doctor : “um..yeah thanks(all laugh) these are the repo..” Strawberry : “hush!professionalism!(all burst into laughter)..the personal question of professional physique is generalized as a specification of chemical substances that is professionally deemed incoherent for personal standards specifically thus to generalize it a personification of it is to be done professionally in order to manage it specifically only to get the maximum generalization out of it professionally thus if it’s breaking down personally the specifications should be told about the generalization of the ideas of the professional not the personal be universal not actual thanks(all burst into laughter)..”
Lana(scowl) : "can you write all the alphabets#..The Sanctuary of Strawberry Facepalm,#,.."
Strawberry : "potentially as a methodology not categorically as an analogy indeed#..The Professional Ego,#,.."
A doctor : “his personal liver is severely damaged in specifications and you will professionally know the reasons best his mental and physical planes are barely connected thus kept coming back from induced states as his vultures were changing it to us though it professionally generalized to the fact that a severe liver injury causes much blood pressure in the nerves so his vultures were disturbing him much(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “Mr Mellow Boredom was not the vultures(all laugh)professionally a personality can be generalized the most specifically unless personally he has specified professionalism established beyond generality thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(very dejected) : “no it’s just..” A doctor : “his..”
Strawberry : “how much do you professionally earn for helping yourself personally anything else..no..thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..situations now you onto onto see/ei/into murmur oh insult whose your me#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..”
Pablo(very disappointed) : “you first see him Strawberry then we can..” Strawberry : “no rush professionally only personally(all laugh a lot)..right the specified personnels present here of our profession consult yourselves in which planes this total phenomena represents itself-a solution in optimized the most if the revolution of the problem is fulfilled by means of failures thanks(all burst into laughter)..didn’t get it fare enough () planes () part’s () structuring takes place in () state of () plane which is morphed with () plane’s () division that isn’t perceptible in the middle of subjugation of the conjunction of () plane with () plane’s () part in 73% durability as soon as () plane submerges with () kinds of () plane in () stage of () part of () subdivision’s interaction through () plane with 45% of () plane reulting in () categories of () plane non soluble in () plane through () process that’s defined as soaking of () across () plane following () equation that’s translated as () plane’s if fermented with () plane summed over () portions among the sample of () populations of () plane then divied in integrations by () and () limits of infinitely rectifiable () plane the infinity here coming from () division’s irresistibility due to the ramifications of () plane because of the stability of () plane by means of mutation of () plane via () plane’s () categorical classes of () is finally equated with the division in recurrences of () plane by the residual difference of () portions where the residue will come from () plane systematization by the stimulations of () portion’s isolation from () parts of () standard’s subtle state at () plane and the difference comes from the cofactoring of diagonalization of () with multipliable () states of homologous () benches of () plane’s () portion’s () spot class which is translatable by transferring () class of () plane internal restructuring of () system’s reverse classes of () groups expressible by means of quasi simulations of () deportation of () portions of the generalized () plane’s 3/53rd class of () categories if looked though () halves of () spheres of () situation of () divergence of () plane in () semi-cycles of () categories of () plane’s substations of () sections going from () to () without branching before () state’s () part..right that’s all you need now anything else..no..thanks(all laugh a lot)..tangent now mix up of course and analogy/ei/Simile where can we find homology#..Simile Popcorn,#,..” Lana(frown) : “just a second Mr Gofatar are these..(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “they will have to try this first else they can’t establish it logically which isn’t professional Lana stay calm(all laugh a lot)” Lana(very angry) : “I don’t believe a DAMN thing this scoundrel is saying(all laugh)” Strawberry : “what’s your profession(all laugh)..” Lana(scowl) : “psychiatry..”
Strawberry : “granularity(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(frown) : “I see hereby I have to confess my longing for my profession’s axioms that they are only specifications of personal mind(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “assigned(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(frown) : “why are you lecturing here not observing them personally if so much is your hubris over your professional knowledge(all laugh)” Strawberry : “if I do that it’ll be honest but immoral cause they need personal space ETHICALLY to get the best of their professionalism generally hence I’m not specifying myself with anything(all burst into laughter)..”
Lana(extremely angry) : “you..”
Strawberry : “whose your professional husband that you’ve personally generalized to be a specification(all burst into laughter)”
Lana(extremely angry) : “you scoundrel you..(all laugh)..” Pablo(disappointed,controlling Lana) : “please dear calm down..” Strawberry : “Fowldung I need help(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Lana(little tears) : “shut up you lowlife just go 2 floors above to () room and tell them who you are they’ll PROFESSIONALLY apprize you..you..(Pablo controls her)..” Strawberry : “I professionally generalize the emotions Fowldung thus may they be personally present here only in specifications move it(all laugh)..”
Someone : “hey how can you disrespect..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “take him here..right so you were the one who personally complained cause you professionally failed to recognize that you’re only in generalizations still regarding your personalities specifications(all burst into laughter)..” Complainer : “yeah I was trying to abide by the law PROFESSIONALLY..”
Strawberry : “emotionally(all laugh a lot)..”
Complainer : “what would’ve your action been SPECIFICALLY IN PERSONAL TERMS(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “professionally asking myself why medicines are specifically prescribed only from personal farms(all burst into laughter)/whereas if they weren’t the person himself would’ve professionally specified what would globalize the local harm thanks(all burst into laughter)” Complainer : “well thus I didn’t do any wrong even you’ve just admitted(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “I just said thus you would’ve understand to your personal emotions your professionalism has submitted(all laugh a lot)..cause in such case your of specific idea of your generalization as a person has created this urge of action/what you should’ve done thus is to tell the police if the medical facility here runs on any subversion(all laugh a lot)/if it was you who found him and brought him here then you yourself become a subject of suspicion(all laugh)/if you told the police that a professional being was personalized by means of a specific physique you would’ve done the professional classification(all burst into laughter)/then the police would’e asked you what do you know/you answer should’ve been the story of jackal and the crow(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his head laughing)/that a crow is sly but as strong as the jackal whose of the same intuitive row(all laugh)/thus the police should’ve realized all you were saying was that how this idea of peace is hindering you to call them your bro(all laugh a lot)..all you needed if you thought you were professionally disturbed due to the two persons in question obstructing your specific idea of general society as not being part of you due to your individual demands(all laugh) then you should’ve only depicted the snapshots of the circular time/from which the police should’ve inferred if that at all hindered there chime(all laugh)/that a law is established for them to uphold is all cause they can’t remain fine/thus is this whole existence is conscious of itself in illusion of dual rhyme yet they know that’s it’s implausible away from their standing at the point which only ends that temporal line(all laugh)..”
Complainer : “so basically it’s all fun and game for you(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “that’s the reason for the complaint and the subsequent action everywhere too isn’t it(all laugh a lot)” Complainer : “so thus I have to give up my sanity to be free(all laugh a lot,cheers for INFER-AN-APE,all laugh even more)..” Strawberry : “that’s the validation of the actions isn’t it(all laugh)..” Complainer : “yeah so easy for someone to say that what would you do if it’s your dear one hum(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “same as you did Sir that’s the trouble of duality that ever loom(all laugh)..” Complainer : “so then you contradict yourself..” Strawberry : “questionably(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for HAIL THE VULTURES LOOM,..)..” Complainer : “yeah I’ve had enough to ponder over PSYCHOLOGICALLY bye(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “that’s the reason for saying hi isn’t it(all un..,..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)..” Giselle(coming out from inside the room where Tantrum is kept,very worried,been told that’s Strawberry didn’t hear the conversation) : “um..Mr Strawberry hi..(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “hush!professionalism!(all laugh a lot) a person is deemed addressable if he has specifically told himself to professionally generalize his personality as a specification as it appears to him professionally thus it’s improfessional to deem him as a person not as a generalized form of his profession as a person steadily,thanks(all brust into laughter)” Giselle(taken aback) : “um..sorry(all laugh a lot)..but um..the doctors there were asking for your presence they couldn’t come..” Strawberry : “phenomenally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police(to Mr Wolfgang) : “um..sorry to interrupt you Sir but Mr Dislom have to answer a few there no matter what they are demanding to know what happened cause all by now know who it was(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,.s into laughter)..” Strawberry : “bring their spokesperson along with the leader to me(all laugh a lot)..(a few people come)..welcome compeers welcome what are the specifications that are hindering your personal search for generalized professionalism in causal relations of personal life yet professional death(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Someone among them : “what is the assurance(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..” Strawberry : “to be alive after all if they die being beiing defined homologous you too must fall/when this phenomena happens during telecommunication no matter the strength of the specific signal theres always the opportunity of general call countering the situation by means of complaints those who handle them if are machines too will work the same way barring the human EMOTIONS thus to the provider there’s a tremendous financial windfall countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..anything else(all burst into laughter,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)” A demonstrator representative : “thus you advocate against humanity don’t you(all laugh a lot,cheers for NO!IT’S INHUMAN!,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Strawberry : “specificity(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..that unless the problem is phenomenally concrete the professionals can’t provide statistically discrete solutions countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..thus you’re not being CLINICAL are you only cynical(all laugh a lot)..” Representative : “which we wouldn’t have been had the trainers themselves been assured(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “they wouldn’t have been professionals compeers neither would’ve been you unless you knew how to work following not coping the existential brochure the sole reason for your activities including this called life against death countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Representative : “thus you mean no matter the problem or the solution in reality due to causality it has no essence thus you eschew responsibility(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “PSYCHOPHYSICALLY(all burst into laughter)..” Representative : “thus the trainers has to treat them out of it exactly what they will be doing to our relatives..” Strawberry : “relativity is the cause of the effect that’s you in deductibility hence they’re right aren’t they paradoxically(all burst into laughter)” Representatives going away : “yeah thanks for being approachable proverbially(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “linguistically even if in thoughts subjectively(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Lana(frown) : “and thus you’re here only for the last rites then intentionally(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “parametrically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Lana(very angry) : “i’ll personally ensure you go to a professional jail this time(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “PHYSICALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Giselle(a bit concerned) : “um..no Mr Strawberry Randy also knows they’re not upto it hence only(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “you’re professionally insinuating that you’re assured of yourself personally thus selective of general existence specifically(all laugh shaking their heads)..anything else..no..thanks(all laugh a lot)..anyhow Fowldung the next phases are going to be far more deepening hence to facilitate the condensation find us a professional enclosure in a specific minute after dispersing generalizations(all burst into laughter)..
(all are escorted out,Strawberry,Giselle,Lana,Pablo,Mr Wolfgang and 3 of his assistants and Cameron enter a room)
Strawberry : ”right to answer your question new import(all laugh a lot) those who ordered you to personally come here did so only cause they professionally thought they can specifically personalize me by your appearing delusion of yourself as a specification contrasting me personally in general(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Cameron(angry) : “hey..(all laugh)”
Lana(very angry) : “and this is your transactional ideology isn’t it(all laugh,cheers for DAISYDAISYL,..)”
Strawberry : “it’s hard to be a professional unless you specifically tell the reason for your generalization of your own personality only specified via professional negation personally thanks(all laugh a lot)”
Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..no it’s ok aunty don’t worry you know that I’m much familiar with this language they are always like this(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “Fowldung is this one of the specific sides(all laugh)” Wolfgang(frown) : “thoroughly(all laugh)”
Strawberry : “deepening(all laugh)..I guess your personal nickname thus is either Gissie or the abhorrent one according to Silly isn’t it professionally(all laugh)”
Giselle(concerned) : “um..yeah Giselle but..”
Strawberry : “he will have to come back to specific senses impossible to be general unless seen from dual lenses impersonally(all un..) then only can be told of his abject failure in professionalizing his generality thanks(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(concerned) : “but um..that will again create more..(all laugh)”
Strawberry : “personal specifications unless he can generalize them by means of profession thanks(all laugh)” Giselle(puzzled) : “um..but..(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “Silly ELABORATE your PROFESSIONAL relationship with not not her(all burst..laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “same semester academically since 3(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “retrospectively#..The Professional Ego,#,..be professional with me Silly you know the repercussions personally(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(frown) : “having categorized myself personally as specific she in general has to be different due to my professional needs of personalizing myself by means of a reference which in this case seemed dichotomously chronometric(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “hence the specific usage of personal metrics in order to make the generality the most econometric flabbergasting(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..what gnawed away the hinge of generic alas became universal this dredge of the theory of numerics scintillating(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..so yeah not male who found your specifications the most refreshing(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Lana(extremely angry) : “you b..”
Wolfgang(firmly) : “Lana please calm down..I understand your situation and you understand why you like all of us have had to entangle us in it..”
Strawberry : “graphically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Giselle(concerned) : “um..no it’s ok aunty you know what we all are going through in terms of language for long(all laugh a lot) he means the physical non-necessaries discarded becoming less debilitating more um.. logically due the need of self establishment dually concerning(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) so um..no Mr Strawberry it wasn’t um..like masquerading(all burst into laughter) it was another of my classmates since 3 itself that’s Terry..” Strawberry : “enough..Fowldung vomit your professional days of personal spying(all laugh shaking their heads)” Giselle(bit taken aback) : “um..(all laugh)”
Wolfgang(frown) : “it’s ok..”
Giselle(bit irritated) : “um..no grandpa not that but he isn’t as polite as Randy is..(all un..,..MASTER BRAT,Gary,Goran,Seth and ...)”
Strawberry : “metaphorically(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(bit taken aback) : “um..(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “are you younger to Silly momentarily(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(bit discomforted) : “um..yeah sinusoidally out of phase(all uncontrollably laugh,..) hence granularly not compositionally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “thickening(all laugh)..Fowldung be professional these personnels are appointed also to take notice of your specific generalizations thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “yeah THANKS(all laugh)..it’s ok Giselle you’ll be PROFESIONALLY not bereaved(all laugh)..my..”
Strawberry(thumping..) : "Ei Babli para.." 
Mr Wolfgang’s assistant(giggle) : “sumso sumso../Oh Justice now you ah oh i you#..um..no sumsogamvok yeah#..Choiced Brats,#,..um..excuse me Sir..#..The Sanctuary of Strawberry Facepalm,#,..”
Strawberry : “request denied any specific concerns Fowldung PERSONALLY(all laugh shaking their heads)..(thumping..)..sumso sumso/oh professional hush you who on though/my rest redundant as entails me/oh Onus is I Bonus fending me#..The Professional Ego,#,..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “nothing surpasses this one in the whole of elementary cosmology not random one#..now honestly indeed Mr Facepalm isn’t it(all laugh a lot)..”
Strawberry : “that’s what specifically i’m asking you for isn’t it PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “affirmative for all sides(all laugh a lot)..just that you would like your compeer all arms would only stop and not explain Babliparasumsogamvok..the meaning#..The Sanctuary of Strawberry Facepalm,#,..”
Strawberry : “thus you shouldn’t be specific should you Fowldung what you’re upto now personally(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..they also being your subjects don't hide that actually#..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “cpountering indeed#..The Professional Ego,#,..it will be improfessional then won’t it Mr Facepalm(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “you made a few general rules Fowldung how the Police and your own juniors should to them FISCALLY conform(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “it will be much beneficial if you provide the numbered mass with ad-hoc infinitude in EDUCATION(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “impossible unless there’s a professional change of personal VISION(all laugh a lot)..from magic to insinuation..shh..we were told so promulgatin'#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..” Wolfgang(scowl) : “thus merely that itself is profitable even here after no matter the gross transaction(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “gratification(all laugh a lot)..”
Wolfgang(scowl) : “even in transmigration(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “nomination(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(scowl) : “that it will have to be done no matter due to the REAL onset of logical combinations thus give up this DUAL futility of perspective oriented combination(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “collaboration(all laugh a lot)”
Wolfgang(scowl) : “that with us even the gross itself isn’t in synchronization(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “hence only in your book there’s a specific rule to govern personalization isn’t it(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “I see honesty in due morality of indifferent homogeneity(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “attributively(all laugh a lot)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “my grandson was embroiled in that accident was 4 thus not all completely blank no more..”
Strawberry : “thus seeking personal conformation of PROFESSIONAL age deepening(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “i’m sure there’s established methods of privacy that are reliable enough(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Strawberry : “excuse granted specifically..Oh Cumvo ri ri Tomla Tomla/But Boff But..fuzzy mantissa(all un..long,Gary..Peril Render,#,..)..”
Monroe : “Mr and Mrs Nitolsil and Jiplem all want to meet Mr Strawberry..” Strawberry : “Silly sealed Jippie zipped..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..it’s..”
Strawberry : “invite the general Jiplems in specifically(all burst into laughter)” (Darius and Alberta,Rodrick and Joan enter,very worried,they didn’t hear anything inside..) Alberta(worried) : “Gissie..”
Strawberry : “Fowldung let’s mow(all laugh a lot)..” Darius(frown) : “um ex..(all laugh)”
Wolfgang(frown) : “it’s ok Darius it’s ok and for all your informations this is Mr Strawberry Facepalm titled EMBODIED if you didn't know(all laugh a lot) our head of all professional operations till he wishes to personally relinquish it hence I advice you to remain calm and if he asks a question don’t answer it specifically but generally that captures most of the specification professionally right Mr Face..”
Strawberry : “it’s a shame Fowldung..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “they are like my neph..”
Strawberry : “homologically(all burst into laughter)” Darius and Rodrick unison(scowl) : “hey..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “no as I said it’s ok let him say whatever he wants you know the stakes(all laugh)..he means professionally all personally specified physique are deemed best only by generality due to it’s professional relation to the general idea that personalizes in in specifications that is the physique is overall same thus are we all human(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “biographically(all burst into laughter)..I don’t think you should..” Wolfgang(frown) : “remain for 2 full years indeed I know thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..he means the general thirst to be a human is presented in same manner due to the idea of the reality from it thus it’s abnegation along with the idea the illusion as only it has to be worst for that to be the best thus I used Randy’s words cause it’s easier to express PROFESSIONALLY TO PERSONNELS(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “caliographically(all burst into laughter)” Wolfgang(frown) : “they are completely out of profession for your KIND perusal PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh)” Strawberry : “syntactically not semantically thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Wolfgang(frown) : “exactly(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “helically(all burst into laughter)”
Wolfgang(frown) : “Monroe I’ll resign tomorrow if he’s disturbed further in his process here today rhyme it(all laugh)”
Strawberry : “geographically(all burst into laughter)..time though fowldung alas queued at surviving stack/if defined it falls in the middle standing in neutrality devoid of attention only situation the clever grass..countering then among the mass..shh..we were told so conscious#..Innuendos of Just,#,..” Giselle(concerned) : “um..please Mr Straw..”
Strawberry : “Silly tell your specific target to be professional while calling me she’ll need it in general too after that(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Alberta and Joan unison(shout) : “you scoundrel what is..” Strawberry : “Fowl..” Cameron(frown) : “no allow me professionally it’s ok personally(all laugh)” Strawberry : “analogically(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(frown) : “yeah thanks for the professional..” Rodrick(sternly) : “Cammie enough..”
Cameron(frown) : “it’s ok dad I’ve heard Mr Berry before..he wants people of our age to call him by I’ve heard him for long..he means I must say if I’m really so honest cause else I won’t be ethical though the whole thing won’t ever be as Randy would’ve said moral(all laugh)..that is yeah I had a lot of feelings for Gissie that is classified as that of a yearning couple though I was only turned down firmly this..”
Strawberry : “had..the yarning shuffle..any transitivity concealed by allegory(all laugh a lot)”
Cameron(frown) : “yeah HAD..no intransitivity causally(all laugh)..(giggle)..years go by/to and try(all un..long,..Choiced Brats,#,..)..”
Giselle(giggle) : "but recognition of this sigh/doer to do hallow never hi(all un..long,..The Meant Ones,#,..Cameron+Giselle too un..long).."
Strawberry : “neurologically(all burst into laughter),best fiend roll it(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(bit irritated,frown) : “um..yeah what he said is all true..”
Strawberry : "cue(all un..long).."
Giselle(bit sternly) : "i don't know what exactly is the proper.."
Strawberry : "Oh Ah cropper#..Proponent Crops,#,.."
Cameron(scowl) : "no allow me.."
Strawberry : "thee the most visible#..The Professional Ego,#,.."
Giselle(angry) : "enough ok.."
Strawberry : “Fowldung any mental prognosis(all laugh a lot)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “best left to Mr Randy Tantrum..(all laugh)” Strawberry(smiling clutching his head in some pain) : “Ah LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM(all laugh a lot)..”
Monroe(to Wolfgang,few seconds later) : “yeah Sir confirmed(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “ask Juritared of anything else..(all un..,Daisy..LASTLY THE PHANTOM GRASPED A PLAYING BOY,all un..)..I’m sure both Cammie and Gissie know how the contact is..” Cameron(frown) : “using pokemon channels to connect..” Giselle(frown) : “to a person whose reverse channel is used by the pokemons thus..” Cameron(frown) : “the clutching cause it’s not their own or not so for a long time thus unsynchorized” Giselle(frown) : “or raw and wild thus comparing the levels hence this smile as this level..” Cameron(frown) : “is trying to subsume their idea of professionalized generality in personal specificities thus as an inquiry..” Giselle(frown) : “they are trying to take the pokemons on aboard as are they cause they don’t get human emotions..” Cameron(frown) : “is only the same as are the doubts creeping in in reverse it’s the same for them..” Giselle(frown) : “hence in opposite the pokemons too get the more generalization in their way thus become better and better in understanding their understanding faculty more in their way..” Cameron(frown) : “which being universal is not restricted thus it’s an insurance too against the mistake of both sides or the progress of both in compliments no matter who started just as is the definition of causal chain..” Giselle(frown) : “which doesn’t have mistakes subsumed in it as for example if this smile is for Mr Phantom then both not only Mr Berry if they for once thinks of the other as a person the very thought will tell them to either specify or generalize them which being causal in psychic channels will create only a disturbance of duality as that’s what they are trying to contradict by means of themselves and the others..” Cameron and Giselle(unison,scowl at each other) : “thus none can know them as different from them cause they don’t admit there’s anyone else cause causally it’s only them who if they don’t want to be is again the others thus they are rather indifferent cause even if they have to be,to be anything else there’s no other(all laugh a lot,cheers for PALKIAFREE)..(giggle)..Oh Lastly Lastly Phantom/Ghastly Ash said being One/Lantern then Shadow your self..do do/Connect Now/Devout Discerned sough/Nobility now else..Oh Lastly Lastly Phantom/Ghastly Means a Lie though random/Casting Hat of Thence..do boo#..Choiced Brats,#,..” Strawberry : “ghastly(all burst into laughter)..cause being the reality too about that they can’t bother(all laugh a lot)” (few moments later Phantom enters the room)
Phantom(in a hand combat stance..) : “action then or before definition contra-addiction oh tune tune..feint(all laugh a lot)/thus relationship and freedom OBSTA GOON GOON..cross(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS)/hence lineage and affection type Kricke Tune TUNE..weave(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/Marengo hence tells us if tickling is soothing why know it being so this soon soon..clinch or run option too prone mood(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Goran and Seth cheers for SELF TO SELF TICKLING)..any premises not cited also of this stance..shh..so much compatibility to chance(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..”
Strawberry : “tectonically(all burst into laughter)”
Phantom : “by means of specifications alas thus only generally..countering(all burst into laughter)..anyway,Berry are these humans or emotions or actuations alas rush then to excretion you Phantom(all un..long,..Daisy..Lastly the Playboy Section,#,..)..”
Strawberry : “personal trepidation(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “how much would you lose FINANCIALLY Mr Phantom due to your absence(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “prospectively(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..this is why temporal scales are relatively boring compeers thus ensure their mental soaring defined into undefined..MATEMATICALLY(all burst into laughter)..thus it counters it’s posit which was designed to counter this only isn’t it rhyming with Arctovish(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..Oh Alolan Acrtovish/regales Pasio's peaceful my wish#..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,countering thus to self hallow never hi,countering#..Lastly Phantom,#,..” Wolfgang(frown) : “and you’re here cause you discerned that humans will be a refreshment rather after almost year of self inflicted starvation(all un..,Daisy..LASTLY PHANTOM,all un..)..” Phantom : “amusement despite being not the other(all laugh a lot)..
hurry aim..fulfiller.."
Wolf(very angry) : "hey hey zip it(all un..long,Coffin Saunter,#,..)..
Cameron+Giselle(giggle) : "hurry decision..meter hire/else determination look..returns Pyre/hurry aim..fulfiller/pick up want else zeal's Coffin Lits up Oven of Seer(all un..long,..Pedal Ponder,#,..).."
Phantom : "the least concerned..meaning never lie.."
Cameron+Giselle(giggle) : "countering#..Oh Bounty you Bedlam/Oh Me Oven in I lit up want#..Choiced Brats,#,.."
Phantom : "shuu..Next term Phantom Random you Hands-On,#,..you look steady Mr are you the one to inform him physically that you didn’t understand what he meant by the mental disambiguation of beau and sister..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,Daisy cheers for LASTLY LOOK THE PLAYBOY CONCERN,all un..)..” Lana(scowl) : “and regardless of the situation you being you obviously expect any dignified person to not react to it if their kids are hassled..” Phantom : “CASTLED!..logically though not reactively(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Daisy cheers for PLAYBOY SOUGH,all un..)..but what does this moment mean to him,her and you..emotionally I mean(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Daisy cheers for BOY NOW ASKING to play WITH SEEM,all un..)..(A clamour breaks out)..professional gathering Berry(all burst into laughter)..defending against vile thus looking at the symptom(all un..)/going going going to be my me now you PHANTOM(all un..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)/thus the retort should be that why are you talking in not in memorandum but referendum(all un..)/and then the answer is that if specified me will be now PHANTOM(all un..)..countering(all un..)..a gathering of people/conceives a sickle(all laugh a lot)/Donphan please tackle(all laugh a lot)/duality so vivid yet being of same type the abstraction of which in non finite hence this idea of another is self contradictory thus sanity you’ll BUCKLE(all laugh a lot)/thus go go my compeers please forget all your rue/and academically tell me along with the whole gathering in all merriment of singularity now..how much he smirked at you how much she glanced at you how much they winked at you(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Ash cheers for BEAU COUNTING,Brock cheers for look-only-at,Seth cheers for THAT FEELING,Goran cheers for,is a bit um..philosophically not analytically monopolized,all un..,Gary..TRACEY LOOKING MOST CUNNING FOX,all un..,Tracey too un..)..(a scuffle breaks out all trying to hit Phantom)..solution thus is in action relationship PHANTOM(all un..,..PLAYBOY,all un..)”
Strawberry : “metabolically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
(another scuffle breaks out as both Phantom and Strawberry zaps out of the room via a Cresselia who was around Tantrum a herd of Victini’s who were used to ward people off suddenly as they became visible,one of them zapped them out..,then they go to Tantrum’s treat room again zapping)
(the doctors are a bit taken aback.,records were set by Giselle requesting a doctor) Phantom : “what are we not invited,expected,requested,implored..”
a relations Doctor : “enugh..”
Phantom : “required,desired,wished,called,wanted,..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” a relations doctor : “please we beg mercy Mr Tantrum is about to return to your professional discography(all laugh)..” Phantom : “ceremoniously(all burst into laughter)..alas presence then to need you mere subjective phantom#..The Meaning of Lie,#,..” Strawberry : “yeah let the specific presence come in first from past(all comes in there)..ah perfect Fowldung now make them stay numb and please clear off the rest of doctored VULTURES they can return easily else risk the bust(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” (all clear off only Mr Wolfgang,Darius,Alberta,Cameron,Joan,Rodrick,Giselle,Pablo and Lana remains with Mr Wolfgang’s team to control them..) Wolfgang(frown) : “please stay in it we’ve three here enough for 3*any pokemons that is(all laugh)” Strawberry : “phonologically(all burst into laughter)..(clutching his head again,smile)..AH FINALLY A CRITIQUE OF HOLOGRAPHIC SANITY(all burst..)..
Monroe(to Wolfgang) : "yes Sir he's in too"
Wolfgang(scowl) : "tell them to pray to all heavens impossible if they eschew honesty in holistic countering(all un..,Violet..right in my hea..BOO!..CHANGE THE FORM NAME LEXCIALLY BE HONEST AND CHANGE THE FORM,all un..,Violet..Synonyms now come to rescue from this DAILY Daily HOLOGRAM,all un..long time,..Critical Pat,all un..)"
Phantom : "devotionally(all un..)"
Hologram(coming in,singing) : "in time and space ever is what's just that(all un..)/thus away from them is where they reflectively sat(all un..)/thus the meaning of being is only so/to be the being look at that cunning crow(all un..)..observing itself in what not so(all un..)..thus greetings hi thus say hallow hallow Ho-Oh(all un..,..DAILY HOLOGRAM,all un..)..any logical confusions veiled in the used lexicon though philosophical jargon(all un..)..ok may be an answer and a question but i see this#..Critical Pat,#,.."
Wolfgang(frown) : "enough#..Daily Daily Hologram,#,..so the case is pretty serious i guess for you to come directly not picking up pieces DAILY(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : "is indeed why one COOKS not while eating strangely those delicious yet to them in mass in conservation to energy illogical DISHES,countering roams physics thus around the mental stitches(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)"
Phantom : "asking for attention the spicy RICHES(all un..)"
Wolfgang(frown) : "so you're here to observe their methods.."
Hologram : "conserve them from delving from nouns to verbs,mentally(all un..)"
Lana(scowl) : "while your own flesh and blood dies here.."
Hologram : "being him no matter how thus indeed to the process neutrally(all un..) and that's what i said before coming didn't i just to counter myself later(all un..)"
Lana(extremely angry) : "you scoundrel..(Pablo controls her).."
Pablo(tendering Lana) : "please dear calm down it's not going to help till.."
Lana(very angry and sad) : "no all because of.."
Hologram : "oh buzzing buzzing reason/offer now a season/customer hurry Facets/Questions Swift want hush desire resets..Oh Grilling Intellect Ei dealing ventilates..me/ei chilling sentiment oh feeling complement of to be#..Buster Slash,#,..the morning is still too young indeed when i was of your age millenias back just as you know your age(all un..) strangely saw something defined just as immovable sun(all un..) then once i was in some situation actually many times saying let me finish as i do honestly the morning is still so young alas from it i found just i said morning the youth became dawn suddenly i saw two persons jumping out of morning as the sun was too bright creating this dark shade on my forehead so that i could see that little bit of shadow consisted of these two persons who blew a horn one said that honesty is the great virtue compeer did you just the conscience such a thorn the other said just as you want to be or don't compeer existence is just honesty's boredom,countering(all un..)..then i was agitated just as you thinking indeed this can't be true exactly as i thought that i was a person from that shadow of my conception someone said hush!did you say or did you just rue the lack of professionalism in mind,intelligence boo..personally(all un..) next moment i saw you all before i automatically could answer him thus mentality..shhoo(all un..long time) exactly when this person may be it's your beau consoled you unlike your bro saying the same notation in different meaning but i heard and as i head chiding me unlike your bro objecting me shut up you idiot it's the determination only thus mentality is just the determination to wear a conscious shoe,countering(all un..) i hence add Sir indeed to personal motivation profession say boo..(all un..).."
Phantom : "if you don't agree to it the viseversa in reflection will say motivation is the profession of personality to not generally but specifically rue..(all un..)"
Strawberry : "thus motivation is itself the profession consciousness take this generality as boo,countering(all un..)"
Hologram : "categorically though not causally,countering(all un..)"
Strawberry : "'personality : a professional boo'(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)"
Hologram : "reflectively only though never in transaction is it true,emotionally thus it's redundant whose whose beau,countering the mind universal specification boo..(all un..,..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)"
Phantom : "countering local honesty of self globally thus to existing another never indeed true,countering the idea of mind not existence conscious who is who(all un..)"
Strawberry : "thus returning back to personality yet in the absence of another professionalism cue(all un..).."
Phantom : "any objections on non mathematical nature of discourse philosophically bypassed(all un..)"
Cameron(a bit flustered) : "um..but still you didn't mention how professionalism to remain constant requires personality only as a to do like countering(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS).."
Giselle(a bit thoughtful) : "and also then to do there one needs a personality just to check if professionalism in meaning not in mere reflection can understand the cue(all un..)"
Cameron and Giselle(unison,both much irritated now at each other looking at each other scowling) : "hence indeed professionalism in personality say specifications boo,countering generally if only actually it's not true,otherwise countering in concentration of indifference of categorizations global generalization take this universal mental boo..(all un..)"
Strawberry,Hologram and Phantom(thumping their palms as in clapping simultaneously) : "STITARTOMOSDRAGUM!(all un..)..but what would those moments means to see..if being though(all un..).."
Cameron and Giselle(taken aback a bit) : "um.."
Strawberry : "'Professionalism : a personal due'(all un..)..ever being confusing please allow Shadowy Lantern(all burst..).."
Wolfgang(scowl) : "i've sent a message to the Kanto General Government mind..(all burst..,..Shadowy Lantern,#,..).."
Lantern(coming in,singing) : "Oh shadow..of intellectual meadow..dedi-cation(all un..)/oh shadow..expecting the logical meadow..con-fession(all un..)/oh shadow..properties the definable meadow..in-cision(all un..)/thus oh Shadow Shadow..enlighten to the causal meadow..self to self LANTERN(all un..,..SHADOWY LANTERN,all un..)"
Lana(frown) : "yeah see you two brats especially you Ash that how your younger sibling praises only the unbinding path(all un..) and your baby bro listens to his good sibling(all un..,..Weather Chat,all un..).."
Hologram : "path..orthogonal of a math(all un..)"
Phantom : "concurrency PHANTOM(all un..long time)"
Lana(scowl) : "yeah if only you could know.."
Lantern : "the syntactic hue indeed(all un..)..you seem semantic to cognition compeer what afflicts your faculties of equatable not equivalent transfusion(all un..)"
Lana(scowl) : "you scoundrel why are you all after my daughter hum(all laugh..lot).."
Lantern : "morality's ethical slaughter(all un..)..but your sense faculty's seem you can't differentiate between a finger and it's holder the singer(all un..)..thus please let yourself be accessed by Simile Popcorn(all burst..).."
Wolfgang(scowl) : "why aren't you doi..(all un..)"
Lantern  : "ing..doing,the pathology of honesty(all un..,..WEATHER CHAT,all un..)"
Lana(scowl) : "she always speaks of unbinding songs unlike you hence you're merely jealous(all un..)"
Popcorn(coming in with a huge bottle of 97% alcohol,singing) : "don't send me no angel(all un..,Simile Popcorn,all un..long)/this plane is too cold(all un..)/cause my need is a being with black heart too ambiguate gold(all un..,Reticence Vat,all un..long)"
Lana(extremely angry) : "you lowlife..(all un..,..SIMILE POPCORN,all un..)"
Popcorn(similarly) : "yeah full for Daily only..(all un..)/just as i was told(all un..).."
Hologram : "else morality of self or affection isn't what found in the practice's holographic mental hold(all un..).."
Wolfgang(a bit angry) : "there's a civil code..(all un..,Seth..EDUCATION!,all un..)"
Lantern : "intention's predictive modes countering decisional codes..anything else(all un..)"
Phantom : "background..la la la la la la/means oh qualia(all un..)..jab(all un..).."
Lantern : "is what i wanted but all i got was you so cold(all un..)..block..cross(all un..).."
Popcorn : "don't send me no answers/as to learning my self is sold(all un..)"
Hologram : "thus i need a question recurring to answers of question from old(all un..long time)"
Strawberry(not drinking like Phantom and Lantern rest are in rounds) : "so you see LASTLY THE SHADOW OF ANALOGOUS HOLOGRAM(all laugh a lot,Brock cheers for Lastly A Professional PERSONIFIES,all burst..) a square see these two the fiend of my professional gender couldn’t get that personnel as a beau went to finish his personal life yet was specifically drunk doesn’t it generally hinder that goal professionally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” (all stuttered)..
Phantom : “Ah so nice this timing Strawberry/Please I beg to confess my longing  in so much glee so much MERRY..(all laugh shaking their heads)..So what’s the names backstabie/the ones how are worried but not depressed unlike the other two Oh so plucky!(all laugh shaking their heads)..
Wolfgang(frown) : “Cameron Nitolsil and Giselle Jiplem and these are Pablo and Doctor Lana Dislom the founder of this hospital..(all laugh a lot)”
Hologram : “choreographically(all burst into laughter)..match made in heavens by every means/look at the shine of HUMANITY Strawberry to bad the professionals can be too fat or thin(all laugh shaking their heads)..are you one of the sides Backstabang..shh..FINALLY(all laugh shaking their heads) no please let us serve you all our most quintessential DUTY(all laugh)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “affirmative be polite(all laugh..lot)” Strawberry : “alight(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Popcorn : “allegorically(all burst into laughter)..CammiSilly and GissieJippie(all laugh) for your action and thus this whole traction is about to get rid of the faction thus for all your problems BEHOLD the unification of the united fractions(all laugh)..
Gissie Bangles Bangles ornate us/Silly Candles Candles dictate us/Family Shambles Shambles beset us/Backstab Rambles Rambles reset us(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Mehadi and Poppy,Oh Sombre Refer to your Planning Stat/as these aren't at all mentionable thus only flash,all un..,Goran and Seth laugh a lot,Poppy and Mehadi laugh a lot   them respectively)..Oh Simile ah yeah hihi/Popcorn nuzzled why see#..Simile Humdrum,#,..”
Tantrum(waking up) : “don't bother oh doctors by treating me/cause what you treat is just s or h type of virtual emotion's e(all un..long time)/thus looking at the offshoot of me/this arrangement was brought up by saying i'm thee(all un..).."
Lantern : "thus ontology now you specifically boom/as metaphysics generally loom(all un..)/hence one or two go away or keep it hush/observer now why are you in rush(all un..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and Stash,Gary,Seth and Goran..Tracey looking most cunning fox,all un..,Tracey too un..)"
Phantom : "relics of notions is called the SLASH(all un..)/behind it lives PHANTOM defined as the unfilled blanking dash(all un..)/thus morality with existence will ever clash(all un..)/unless it defines consciousness duality take this logical smash(all un..)"
Hologram : "that's the hologram of being now(all un..)/reflective modality why then sough(all un..)/difference difference hence take this bow/to throw the arrow of being indifferent to asking why and/or how(all un..)"
Tantrum : "Accident Accident gamble us/Oh Gyre tell us how to forget us(all laugh shaking their heads)/Pubu’s inheritance asked me thus how to rivet us(all laugh shaking their heads)/Oh Silly if you like us don’t forget to jingle us(all laugh a lot)..”
Popcorn : “A Backstabber’s grandson please pivot us(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/A Random’s Tantrum let’s devout us(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Violet cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,all laugh a lot)/So Heatran and Groudon will thus tangle with us(all laugh a lot)/Thus Simmie Emmie Commie Appie please don’t pathy us(all laugh laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Strawberry : “Oh Pubu now you generally first golden us/Oh Ms Lana change your mental name in second so IRSGC without ego combat back to us(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/A backstabber’s grandson thus can’t secret us(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/so non-induced states don’t regret us(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Tantrum : “thus Vespiquens from here have to genderously pass/Oh Gyre pray Terry has fallen right into GRASS(all laugh a lot,cheers for VIRIZ,all laugh even more)/Oh Gissie my dear sis look infinite is this mass/and energy conserves it thus Aegi dually SLASH(all laugh a lot)/Oh Silly Silly who creates this hash/oh Pubu’s daughter please cue and splash/oh Mrs Lana and Pubu observe but don’t fondle with aging emotional dash(all burst into laughter,Daisy and Violet un..,Tracey too un..,Brock hides his face laughing)/Oh Gyre won’t you tell them what’s mental cash(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Lantern : “adoration ever turns into lash/hatred ever adorably smash/things look different says the looking glass/thus a Backstabber knows best to send it with trash(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/thus reality no more just flash/doesn’t matter from which class(all laugh a lot)/cause all do want to be the DASH(all laugh a lot,cheers for DOCTOR DASH,all laugh even more,Brock shakes his head laughing)/why oh why not start the BASH(all laugh a lot)..”
Phantom : “Ultranercozma says this is me thus with you I’ll have to clash(all laugh a lot)/Guzzlord says though if I know me I don’t need you to crash(all laugh)/thus all ideal duality is ever brass/hence forget forget with a LOUD bass(all laugh)..
Hologram : “cause then to me I’m on that merry mental bus(all laugh..lot)/duality no more logically rush(all burst..)/difference difference thus to indifference given the ensuing you have to hush(all un..)/so oh counters counters can’t I reflecting my Holographic emotion now gush(all un..long,..change the form motion to virtuality change the form,all un..)”
Tantrum : “thus Gulpins said we’re also on aboard.."
Strawberry : "cause personal difference take this professional sword(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter for a long time,Goran,Seth,Genkai and Blossom,Cedar and Gladys cheers for OH NOW MY PERSONAL OAK!OH NOW MY PROFESSIONAL OAK!,all uncontrollably laugh,..)"
Tantrum : "thus no reason hence no action yet ALAS put on road.."(
Popcorn,Hologram,Phantom and Lantern(in unison in extreme happy tone) : "THUS OH VULTURES VUTURES COME IN HOARDS/THUS OH VULTURES VULTURES COME IN HOARDS/THUS OH VULTURES NOW YOU COME IN HOARDS(all laugh a lot,Brock cheers for FRUGALLY HANDS-ON,all un..)..(a few Meowstics zap all including Hologram,Phantom and Strawberry out)..”
(outside,all puzzled)
Strawberry : “right Fowldung get all vultures in there including the doctored ones all are fine there they can take over from here even the relational doctors cause he just needs rest PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “yeah all it’s ok pokemons will be fine now don’t bother(all laugh a lot)..” Popcorn : “of the other as if it’s you then it’s about never the other(all laugh a lot)..so that’s it for today here Strawberry isn’t it(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “added with that symphony of explanation Fowldung count the numbers without losing the record thanks..professionally let’s go..Zekroms let’s row(two Zekroms are zapped in by a few Chimechos,all are a bit taken aback)..don’t bother they’re general not specific let’s row..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(Strawberry,Hologram and Phantom aboard the Zekroms)..”
Popcorn : “Chimecho!Chimecho!..SIMULATION and EMULATION together don’t come aboard(a few Chimechos of the lab security zaps them out then they go away swiftly)..(all burst into laughter,..Simile Popcorn,all burst..)” (Doldrum calls Wolfgang a sometimes later)
Wolfgang(frown) : “I see Mr Charlie Doldrum is here too the juniors are uncertain then(all laugh)..” Doldrum : “disheartened(all laugh a lot)”
Wolfgang(scowl) : “hence told you to interpose yourself(all laugh a lot)..” Doldrum : “best delivered is it’s help(all laugh a lot,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja and Stash cheers for Mr Styrene Mithe,all uncontrollably laugh..)” Wolfgang(frown) : “I see deepening(all laugh)..”
Doldrum : “for his physique and necessities and the rest the relation doctors and all else combined only making these line illogical as another is enough(all un..,..)..
IN FEELINGS AND IN EMOTIONS FIND WHAT IS THAT’S MY/BUT IN DOING SO DON’T SAY NOW THAT THIS IS NOT THY(all un..,..)/CAUSE I’M ONLY SO CAUSE YOU’RE NEVER MY/ALAS WHEN TRYING TO FIND YOU,ALL I FOUND WHAT’S NOT THY..THUS ALL I FOUND IS WHAT’S HALLOW NEVER HI(all un..,..)..ALL THIS HENCE IS WELCOME NEVER EVER BYE..CAUSE THIS IS ONLY THE MERE INTRODUCTION OF A SCHOOL DROPOUT DARKRAI..(cuts off)..(all unc..,..,cheers JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)..”
Wolfgang(laughing a lot after cutting off and making all listen) : “anything else on fees due hands-on(all unc..)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..,..)..”
(inside,much later,Mr Wolfgang and Lana with doctors) Doctors : “no ‘mam he is more than fine it’s strange really cause if we don’t operate he will himself customize his physique somehow we guess in rhymes just as his or her best optimization what he said s or h type of virtualization of emotion(all laugh..lot)..” Lana(tenderly) : “it’s ok do whatever you feel the best and don’t ask for expenses they ensured it themselves#..Outlaws of Ethics,#,..” Doctors : “alright ‘mam thanks” Lana(tenderly bit smile) : “what are the specifications though about his body and mind beside the optimizatio(all laugh a lot)..” A Doctor : “well it’s very unique as you realize the optimization is second ever case in known history the first didn't live past 30 minutes after earthing that too 343 long long years back mind the symmetry of numbers and the wedge in between(all laugh..lot) who knows what is what in vitualization(all laugh..lot) but overall it’s a miracle how he’s living like this cause there’s all sorts of mental problems present that too best optimized statistically(all laugh a lot,Violet..hey Viol why does he say while clearing toilets..
Humdrum Humdrum now you guzzle/beside work why to do now muzzle muzzle..me,all un..long,Violet..thus now it's look suspicion/looking at reason the bias of reference for the rendition/look now to respiration/similarity in conspiration with..me,all un..long,Violet..now now more i or you but/if can't or can just guzzle or bypass.why nuzzle..me,all un..long,Violet..Oh humdrum humdrum existence/guzzle guzzle conscious consistence why nuzzle..me,all un..long,Violet..thus any if so in self/or not in void percept/guzzle humdrum of concept or accept/or not why nuzzle nuzzle..me/E!/being and self find best help why nuzzle nuzzle..me/E!/thus guzzle guzzle..thee(all un..long)/E!/humdrum to act don't you thus nuzzle nuzzle..me/E!/oh me don't you being self now nuzzle nuzzle..thee/E!/humdrum thus i oh thus my guzzle guzzle..me/E!/being thee then don't nuzzle nuzzle..me,all un..long,Violet..hey Viol do you you practice this do you know how to do it does what we asked you make any sense..hey Viol tell us tell us tell us,all un..long,Violet..Guzzle Humdrum,all un..long) and his physique despite the proportions seems extremely fit still(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,..) 8 ft 3 exact 333 kg cap with 67,47,56,43 chest,waist,hip lower and inseam(all laugh a lot),incredulous fitness but absolutely useless in sports due to lack of any kind of synchorization infact this limit is adjusted according to our attention to precision(all burst..,Violet cheers for THE VULTURES SCATTER,all burst..),his mental planes have very little connection to his gross physique that is impossible to be less than 12,12 as it was said the 9th won't be due to too much glee(all laugh..lot),anyway the mind is wavering as if being engulfed by like metaphorical hellfire but there's so much enjoyment of it that refuses to come out exactly what has trapped him(all laugh..lot) and all the troubles etc are as if being invited in to play with due to lack of anything else(all laugh..lot,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,all burst..,...)..and no has much genetics difficulties as well it just seems he wasn't destined here is an accident which is thoroughly enjoyed hence only the accident is as if sketched(all laugh..lot,Tracey..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all burst..,...)..it's impossible to describe him medically 'mam only the reactions as usual only pertinent ones can say properly(all laugh..lot)..it's a matter of one that is as we read the rusticated one(all burst..,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,.s..)”
Lana(bit concerned,to the relations doctors) : “um..yeah i see but um..Doctor Gofatar..” Doctor Gofatar(frown) : “no it’s ok we know what to do from here and we better cause we don’t want the Oak lab brats to solve that equation before what to speak of the full discourse(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “what’s the validity(all laugh)..” Mr Gofatar : “just ethics with due morality(all lagh)” Wolfgang(frown) : “hum honesty in due reality absolutely with the patents too(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(bit puzzled) : “um..what did he do..um..sorry I mean..(all laugh a lot)..” Doctor Gofatar : “it’s ok it’s contagious stuff(all laugh)..put forth his experiences with Garchomp and Zekrom nothing else that’s summarized in that song if further explored we know there will be something yet again the interpretation of which even if the mathematics derives would be useless cause that’s math without specifications thus never ending(all laugh a lot)..so again Mr Charlie Doldrum is required to give the basic structure relating it to pokemon planes thus these two combined and the subsequent experimentations sampled lastly by Mr Ghastly Phantom will provide their factory with just enough money to get this sample treated who will further elaborate it to people by means of actions and training and communications showing how the previous three isn’t at all unique by any means cause it’s most natural which they will show to be true only cause it’s possible to express it logically before thus the subsequent behavour of this sample infact is polluting the pure rigors cause he’s trying to actualize the already actualized hence his urge to affirm it who will again entail something from this and so on it won’t stop it can’t cause again we’re moving into infinity of meanings(all laugh a lot,Goran,Seth,Stash and Gary cheer for LA LA LA LA PERCEIVE LA LA LA LA/CONFINE HOOPA PA PA UNBIND AH HA HA HA,..)thus in fact that each of them contradict the other along with ownselves in all possible combinations in order to as they say naturalize the vultures with their current existence(all laugh a lot,Violet cheers for THE VULTURE DEALERS,..)..in gross it means they can create money out of anything and nothing cause it’s existential thus someone or the other will always be conscious of it(all laugh a lot) and this countering package infact help other people to contradict them so that there’s something against them for the benefit of both sides but monetarily only for the opposing side which redistributes the distributed money again hence they at the same time show how there’s no progress unless one knows the idea of birth is self contradictory which they call sanity(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(very broad smile) : “um..I see..but in gross too is he like that intelligent(all laugh) it’s just impossible to believe..” Doctor Gafatar : “yeah even for them(all laugh)..it’s postulation ‘mam nothing else their proofs are in intuitions that was just a hint to say all the more that it’s a long way to describe it technically as I said Mr Facepalm will stack up signs defining the possibilities of each not how to use them(all laugh a lot)..then the rest Mr Doldrum will do..Mr Facepalm studies the specifications and somehow comes up with equations getting rid of all specifications cause they hinder generality which toils so hard to specify itself(all laugh a lot) so he only gives those and puts the balls on our courts to specify it cause he certainly is validated in his intuition that it’s possible and thus he thinks after that things need to be done and each time you’ll find something cause it’s just his way to be professional in personal ideas putting forth as we know something from the infinite ocean of intuitions(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(broad smile) : “yeah I get you Doctor Gofatar thanks(all laugh)..it’s ok I’m a bit emotional you understand just my request you do your best..” Doctor Gofatar(smile) : “it’s ok ‘mam we’ll do what we can it’s just that they’re not only this but much much more just that anyway it’s ok(all laugh a lot)” Lana(smile) : “um..yeah thanks Doctor Gofatar and um..Mr Wolfgang I guess Lastly Phantom has taken that name up to combine these two to the pokemons in the most enjoyable way which at our plane translate to that language(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(frown) : “yeah he’s the most obnoxious among them(all laugh)..the latest version the most metaphorical#..Weather Chat,#,..the earliest most attention agnostic#..Simile Popcorn,#,..and the subsequent is a singlemost nuisance to reality of relief#..Critical Pat,#,..” Lana(laugh) : “um..sorry but yeah I get it too the name that is(all laugh,cheers for Lastly Phantom,all laugh a lot,..)..and Guzzle Humdrum is perception dependent consciousness-less yeah#..Unto Murmur,#,..” (they coming out of the room)
Pablo(bit worried) : “um..”
Lana(smile) : “all more than fine..”
Pablo(smile) : “Ah relief but um..Mr..” Wolfgang(smile) : “it’s ok Pablo it’s ok the police and the complainer both has to Facepalm after that stuff if not Phantom(all laugh) and you saw there behaviours with arms and all and your ammunitions why they're not working#..” Pablo(laugh) : “yeah those aren't fitting properly and infact that was not even mine i recalled it somehow may be 25 years i once was practicing shooting in a bet with a friend hence you saw how old version that was#..man what sort of absurd creatures are these..” Lana(laughing a lot) : “pokemon masters(all laugh a lot,cheers for HEY!OH PEWTER PEWTER PLAY/OH ONIX NO YOU NAY/OH LEADER LEADER SAY!,all laugh even more,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..but um..Mr Wolfgang we rather became happy cause they seem to extol Millie’s virtues beyond heavens pushing her right into hell(all laugh a lot) and I mean Tantrum has irritated us since yesterday and these two devils are way way worse(all laugh) but I just feel bad for Mr and Mrs Nitolsil and Jiplem they were like aghast with everything thus going through our experiences now and yeah that symphony reminded me and Pablo of our days too infact amidst all we could still have a good date as you saw..(all laugh a lot,Mr Wolfgang says,me included and my grandpa..and yeah all did position or self agnostic)..(all laugh a lot)..yeah and they will realize it too(all laugh)..but um..all is ok but for Terry..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “no it’s ok I’m rather the chief servant here as you saw(all laugh) may the administrators be blessed for this term(all laugh) those four are best left at Randy’s care you know given they want to know about pokemons cause no matter what they say or do they don’t want to do anything with people out of their sinister profession unless they are forced to cross paths with thus only Phantom was so scathing on them(all laugh)..” Pablo(smile) : “no I don’t know Mr Wolfgang but intentionally got on my nerves you know like as ever that’s as they said turning on the self(all laugh,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..but um..I understand the immense reliability and faith they have upon you but the way they express it front of everyone..(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well it’s just the depth that comes out in that way as you understand no other way is possible(all laugh)..(Pablo and Lana smiles)..the 11 city tribunal is so relieved that it’s only me and none else that they consider their equal like mates(all laugh) hence given my age and position and everything else it’s a matter of their absurd games(all laugh)..” Lana(smile) : “well it’s something as Randy said you can’t but help to be enthralled with the most all time(all laugh,cheers for THE ART OF BATTLE STARVATION,all laugh a lot)..and man all of them can sing in that way which can’t be categorized infact makes it all the more enticing(all laugh)..(all laugh a lot)..it reminds of that girl Violet same sort of style hers are a bit more personal(all laugh a lot,cheers for Ms Volbeat,..) and well Millie will be left at Tantrum’s care infact and if he wants he can work at Pubu’s gym(laughs a lot,Pablo also laughs,Wolfgang laughs too)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well then just bid it goodbye(all laugh)..no it’s all upto him you know now given all even the sewage corporation will reject that brat but then he’ll insinuate that voluntary service is being denied to a man thus forcing him to be dishonest with himself getting food for doing nothing hurting his honesty and self dignity a logic that will once more get to anyone’s nerves to recruit him anywhere(all laugh a lot,cheers for OH DRAGON DRAGONS PLAY/OH DRAGONS DRAGONS SAY,all laugh a lot)..they can’t be at all tamed unless it’s Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh)..(all laugh)..” Lana(laugh) : “well so do we(all laugh)..but um..I’m intrigued really as to it doesn’t seem either Strawberry or Lastly would go to schools(all laugh) what they do exactly and like well Randy hasn’t passed middle school what about the rest(all laugh) and why this one is here(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “no none has passed school(all laugh) this brat studied his curricula one day per month in his first year which he called hearing day(all laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..in elementary final had total 5 supplementaries next semester at middle school first semester passed each completing the elementary hence for the middle didn’t appear for any(all laugh) thus was to repeat the year hence never returned there once turned 10(all laugh)..was at lab always servicing Pokemons as their word goes by(all laugh) which was so absurd their name was marked out as unfit to continue(all laugh)..cause no matter what was the condition of the pokemon they could bring them back to normalcy as our little couple so exquisitely described(all laugh)..(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY,..) sadly which was their standard only(all laugh)..thus the cure was perfect but the returned pokmons misbehaved for a long time and tried to spoil their bunch and poked the master(all laugh) so a lots of time was wasted thus none used to sent pokemons there unless very high class trainers who understood what impossibilities these brats can perform thus only Mr Jerry has only increased his support always and thus only it’s still staying you know and then we know Mr Brawn Glenol(all laugh)..Mr Facepalm left school the same semester Randy did but unlike he ofcourse personally passed in all subjects only which he deemed professional(all laugh) then ofcourse told all that these studies only specifies the generalizations thus hindering the same despite claiming it to be their sole aim walked out saying thanks which he never forgets to say(all laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot) then he and Tantrum started with the added help of Charlie and Jubilee’s pets and the rest in in folklores none has anything to do with them(all laugh) and then finally Mr Phantom always failed in math since primary(all laugh) till elementary cleared the back paper but since middle school never cleared it at first go(all laugh) along with it he never passed in any technical subjects that involved much math cause he intentionally made things complex enough for him to fail to discern what he was doing(all laugh a lot) and thus he always had back papers in all 3 of the maths along with three double back included and then the rest 4 filled up by technical subjects so yeah each year since grade 2, 10 backs with 3 double backs(all laugh a lot) but the total never surpassed 5 on any semester thus had to be allowed to appear and each time would pass the other papers just doing enough helped by his friends(all laugh) hence passed till his finals(all laugh) where he once more had the customary 10 back papers but never cared to sit again and has been rhyming since his very inception here(all laugh) and yeah he told the authority at school he only completed middle school not the papers cause he needed to know things for his rhymes after this begins specialization which kills off mental satisfaction then came out saying this exact line-ever welcome never thanks/rhyming with past outcome and future in the banks/are you present here as not being me whom I can’t be cause I’m not thee/thus without the difference should I leave thanks for representing me for all these years against sanity(all burst into laughter)..and that language makes sure all wants to beat him up badly and in psychic channels it means the pokemons can do whatever they want with him cause of indifference exactly why they will becoming like him but he going the other way will end in their world despondency of pure sanity(all laugh a lot)..then during high school he took Randy’s place and thus this one came here for mind the word refreshment(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(laughing) : “well I’m sorry but this is personal account only I guess(all laugh a lot)” Wolfgang(laughing) : “absolutely(all laugh) and no their friends most of whom are from the same lab the stuffs’ children and a few others they are just too boisterous and yet as much absurd but compared to these 3 as they ever phrase it are nothing to beauty(all laugh)..2 of them declared they were husband and wife at the age of 11 and half which was wholeheartedly supported by these three went to Yellowburst where they showed how the Police can’t work unless the difference persists(all laugh a lot) then later gave their parents the audio and in places video recordings that was rumored to be most horrendous as much that parents tried to relocate but again failed cause the children showed how space is only a mental illusion(all laugh a lot)..and no you know it’s been 4 years that case and I saw there the day Randy came here at hospital they’ve remained the same and hasn’t left the lab for 4 years now(all laugh)..well never did except for the few hours they had to visit their parents during weekends since 9 but now for 4 years 24/7(all laugh)..(all laugh)..parents are now only too happy cause as they’ve accepted it and those brats has calmed down with age their parents are babysitted to the utmost cause in their view it was only a deal(all laugh shaking their heads)..and they stay with Mrs Ketchum like a whole family these brats as you understand don’t have any SPECIFIC home(all laugh)..they as you saw refuse to admit that the parents has anything to do with them hence the relation is only focused that the parents should remain with each other but only as they force them to listening to absurd theories all times smoothening the reason(all laugh) and thus they just completely devour everyone up all their attachments as they say all cause they have to have infinite supply for in their words vultures(all laugh a lot)..and that case has actually increased the earnings for many hence even the Police Facepalm(all laugh a lot)..so yeah it’s something certainly not happening again before next century for sure(all laugh)” Lana(laughing) : “man surely we’ve been too late to the party already you know and their whole career is left(all laugh)..but still Mr Wolfgang what about the professional view of this whole phenomena(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well Mr Facepalm has overgrown everything specific personally hence now professionally in search of generalizations(all laugh) and Mr Phantom stays 24 hours out in the field
there at their factory or at places where they are contracted for and he does this proving everyone how right Strawberry is thus isn’t exactly presentable to people(all laugh) and this one is here cause this one among them is most presentable but unlike them has absolutely no remorse for anything including pokemons(all laugh) which infact is Lastly’s case he manages the abused pokemons and all excellently with those rhymes(all laugh) and Strawberry is same with them with theories thus they need peace of mind with the rhymes(all laugh) but he’s as you saw too obsessed with profession thus has some attachment to it this brat is absolutely merciless on himself(all laugh) he replaces anything including himself as vultures thus pokemons if comes in contact with him becomes the same and thus doesn’t have any remorse exactly like him cause they as they said are in constant fight with themselves(all laugh,cheers for IDEAL EMBOAR,all laugh even more)..so yeah it’s once in lifetime stuff for sure(all laugh)..” Pablo(laugh) : “and I guess Charlie Doldrum has been forced to follow them hence the name(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “yeah absolutely(all laugh)” Pablo(laugh) : “but I guess he atleast gets them too well(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “oh yeah that’s another saga entirely(all laugh)..that brat is a researcher of once in a lifetime as much as them and is shrouded in mystery cause his language is impossible to discern as he talks only after the full purview of existential crisis(all laugh a lot) thus consciously talks about him as a self only which in unconscious becomes a language presented in his brief works as another different research entirely to disambiguate he just formally shows how his 3 little brats are too true(all laugh a lot)..infact Lana heard the relations doctors explaining it(all laugh)” Pablo(laugh) : “man surely we’ve been too lucky(all laugh)..but Randy seemed to have infinite faith on Jubilee Hands-On whose bunch all knows but him or her(all laugh a lot) or in-between as they’ll say(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “well even I don’t know cause I can’t prove it but if you meet Mr Zed Ketchum you’ll know who that person is but he can’t be directly questioned on this cause there is no way to prove it(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(smile) : “well I guess that’s their big bro and furthermore I guess he just somehow couldn’t detach himself from them..” Wolfgang(smile) : “yeah he actually is younger to Charlie..he lives somewhere else you know his attachment is only the 4 brats there cause he once treated the Jangomo-O as you know Jingie the Jangomo-O now Hikkie the Hakamo-O(all laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..that pest has assembled 3 other brats to have some intellectual company namely Growlith,Bagon now Shelgon and Mesprit that’s Arcanine and Salamence and Mesprit hence Zed surely can’t leave(all laugh a lot)..and I heard they rarely talk likes to observe and listen and most abhorrently be in the crowd rather than seclusion(all laugh a lot)..I myself saw those brats yesterday..if they are forsaken in seclusion they turn into statues as if contemplating so all understand they actually want to be in crowd cause they’ve surpassed that phase along with the seclusion part thus now rather having fun in seclusion that’s not maximized always(all laugh a lot)..and no each go to seclusion sometimes when they feel bored no matter the crowd around or the lack of any so that’s more like it(all laugh a lot)..only those 3 and Charlie can understand what they want and thus only their specific compeers can train them which they do most times and actually it’s Hakamo-O who is the sole reason why none wants to say anything cause you know it’s just a step away(all laugh a lot,Stash and Seth cheer for Cili..Cili..,..)” Pablo(laughing) : “well I only have now understood why I should’ve never opened the gym given that specific type(all laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for KOMMO-O,..)” Lana(laugh) : “man surely heaven has forcefully descended upon poor Millie(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(laugh) : “and well all of it hasn’t as I’ve been informed Charlie’s pests are as much brats as Hakamo-O is but they’re less thoughtful hence more intruding in transactional ethics(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(laughing) : “well to them it’s about not excluding in distributive statistics(all laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot,chees for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..” (later,Cameron and Giselle’s parents were told to listen to the events with Tantrum and Pablo and Lana..,Cameron and Giselle were left with them,Terrence woke up finally had to be treated a bit,Mildred also has woken up,they meet) Terry(mild) : “um..Millie..”
Mildred(tired) : “why can’t you say Cradily..(all laugh)..” Terry(very dejected, ildred) : “no not today hon..um..Honedge(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mildred(a bit surprised) : “um..yeah like Ferfetchd..(all laugh)..it’s ok I’m fine like um,anyway(all laugh)..” Terry(smile) : “anyway you take more rest Millie..” Mildred(bit concerned) : “um..I’m fine Terry it’s alright but if Vespiquens are then Tryrantum and um..like so many the..um..how..(all laugh)” Terry(bit concerned) : “we’ll talk about it later okay..” Mildred(still worried) : “um..no but where’s..” Terry(bit solemn) : “more than fine same thing just will meet again..” Mildred(bit smile) : “um..okay..but um..(laugh) more like Venipede(all laugh a lot)..
Terry(smile) : “right aren’t you tired still a bit swe..um..Sewaddle(all laugh)..” Mildred(frown) : “hey that doesn’t rhyme(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(smile) : “with Gible it does(all laugh)..” Mildred(bit excited) : “with Confragigus why don’t we play this game(all burst into laughter,Seth and Stash cheers for THIS LOGICAL GAME,all un..,..,Brock too un..)” Terry(smile, er again) : “another time dear hum best friends(all laugh)..I’ll have to go now..” Mildred(a bit scared) : “um..no don’t leave me dear(all laugh)..” Terry(smile) : “no just for a moment I’m calling uncle up have to meet grandpa will be back soon hum..(all laugh)..” Mildred(bit puzzled) : “um..no they can leave but why would you(all laugh) cause um..your name rhymes with like as um..Gissie said like(laughs)..Strawberry Oh my Berry..(bursts into laughter,Terry smiles)..(all burst into laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing)..so um..no you should stay here like hum rhymes with Silcoon(all laugh)..” Terry(smile) : “yeah Drifloon right(all laugh a lot)” (much later,Tantrum is getting treated,Terrence comes in) Tantrum : “HOMBRE..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Terry(frown) : “yeah it’s ok I’m here..” Tantrum : “darkness lightens up the most no matter the fear/for the sake of introspection o.. d.. darkness yearns for light is your s.. still present there to even meet whose light shines the brightest if only dark that school going Simisear(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Doctors a bit taken aback : “hey what..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “sewages doctors ever prelude/PHYSIQUE is negated by mind thus only hardship language never delude(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Terry(frown) : “it’s ok Sirs I’ll return later he has much enmity with me..” Tantrum : “propositionally(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(scowl) : “just to tell you I’m going right now to tell your little sis..” Tantrum : “HOMBRE LET’S ABYSS(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(frown) : “I hope you have the minimum de..” Tantrum : “less than your e.. transparency(all laugh shaking their heads)” Doctors(scoff) : “hey enough..” Tantrum : “fare enough can I leave(staanding up)..ethically(all un..long,..A Random Tryrantum)..” Doctors(frown) : “rather these should for now atleast” Tantrum(returning back) : “these fittings on my body has been refilled compeers refilled by excretion..the most acknowledged..physique mere estimation#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..what not leaving duty the ontology of AH!beauty!beauty!..beauty : the arrogance of justice#..Unto Murmur,#,..well then shut your ears Hombre it’s strange why actions have reactions thus rather you are here who can’t SAVOUR a fraction(all laugh shaking their heads) whom you want so bad should be thus so MAD yet it enters the path ALAS marked by duality’s wrath what you want in the opposite isn’t what they are rather of what they’re composite which they want to excrete Hombre ALAS you fail to remain DISCRETE says the opposite law of attraction isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)” Terry(bit shivering voice,scowl) : “yeah and you were the one saying she is your..” Tantrum : “little sis thus I’ll be burdened to be her bro here doctors please do miss(all laugh shaking their heads) hence I’m clearing my path to Oh my soul!TREACHERY of BLOOD Hombre roll oh roll(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Doctors(extremely angry) : “you..” Tantrum : “only am perceptive of whose her beau why is it IMMORAL(all laugh shaking their heads)..technically(all laugh..lot)..” Doctors(bit taken aback) : “what do you want(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “the place of insistence where difference can’t want countering(all laugh shaking their heads)..you see what this hombre and his target is entangled in is a matter of comprehension..comprehension the curtain of precision exactly what i told him albeit countering else it's impossible to be i : the negligence of consciousness..shh..so untirin'#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..” Doctors(solemn) : “Mr Terry we think you..” Terry(scream,crying) : “yeah just go to a..(crying a lot)..” Tantrum : “c..w.. yeah(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Doctors(sternly) : doze him off.."
Tantrum : “PHYSICALLY hombre mentally NOT(all laugh shaking their heads)..OH VULTURES VULTURES UNCONSCIOUSNESS..known then you can not..shh..so comprehensive(all are taken aback a bit)(all un..long,..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..)..don’t try me I warn you..just in case i was no more as you(all un..long,..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..)..put upon your earphones with music that soothe/Hombre oh Hombre existence isn’t SMOOTHE(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Doctors(scowl) : "do you know what we heard at home a novel#.."
Tantrum : "Noble may be imagination : the treaty of incision#..Nobility agnostic Apocalypse,#,.."
Terry(profusely crying) : “what do you want you..” Tantrum : “that you know best Hombre aren’t you so true(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(bursting into tears) : “YES THAT I’M A..” Pablo(coming in controlling Terry,frown): “hey leave him for today..” Tantrum : “physically he’s left I’m not why(all laugh shaking their heads)” Terry(bursting into tears) : “uncle I..”
Tantrum : “thought Ah just once can s.. l..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(scowl) : “don’t kill him like this thanks..Terry let’s..” Terry(controlling himself a bit) : “no it’s ok uncle..” Tantrum : “HOMBRE..” Pablo(scowl) : “just zip it..(taking Terry away forcefully)..” Tantrum : “appreciate the HEART Hombre recycling your f.. hear spell beat by bit..(Pablo and Terry goes away)..” Doctors(angry) : “man what sort of a demon..” Tantrum : “acidic is the taste yet you prescribe the lemon(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Doctors(frown) : “yeah INDEED(all laugh)..now just sleep useless to give you medicines if you can desist it like this(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “PHILOLOGICALLY(all laugh a lot)..you see before you were freedom loving creatures now you're the most beloved sutures..union : the familiarity of control..algorithm never buy..the most bootstrapping..existence seer never hi#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..
Doctors(very happy) : "wha..oh yeah we get it..payrolls never cry..(beaming)..do you know that novel Stash#..Unto Murmur,#,.."
Tantrum : "Stash : The Barter of Clarity..so destructin'..any notions proclaimed as not known but own#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
”
Doctors(laughing..) :"upto concur yeah we recall this strange phrase as if so enlivening#..Unto Murmur,#,.."
(outside,Pablo and Terrence,in privacy) Pablo(consoling Terry) : “Terry my dear please..” Terry(still little tears,very dejected) : “no it’s ok uncle I indeed have made a big mistake..” Pablo(consoling him) : “please Terry you all are teenagers and has been so close friends for so long it’s..” Terry(crying) : “please uncle please whatever word you say now conveys a completely different meaning to me it’s..(all laugh shaking their heads,Seth and Stash cheer for THE MEANING,..)” Pablo(frown,thoughtful) : “I see..anyway it’s ok I won’t say anything Terry I’ll take you to Mr Wolfgang right now tell talk with him frankly as you ever do things will be fine he knows them inside out you know it’s ok..” (later,Pablo and Tantrum in privacy) Pablo(frown) : “I’ve a question Randy..Terry was saying no matter the consolation everything turned out to be..” Tantrum : “thus I’m fighting a lost battle myself(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “well that’s what it means” Tantrum : “well I beg your pardon but for you too it was only trainings if not still(all laugh shaking their heads)” Pablo(frown) : “may be it is still cause I’m still in duality but I don’t walk around with an open sword..” Tantrum : “for your incentive it can cut only one at a given time so thus other’s can save their throat..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “thus you have no confidence on yourself..” Tantrum : “that’s the point of expressing it isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)..till the point where it can’t once more will roll the wheel once more consciousness won’t be scant(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “thus shouldn’t it be easier for you to anchor your ship..” Tantrum : “that’s a symbol alone thus it doesn’t matter which it is(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “it’s said the one that’s the essence of all..” Tantrum : “for the singulars hereby essence takes a fall(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “it’s heard that it’s better to be one than to burn out as many..” Tantrum : “then it’s even more foolish given the existing to expend all these penny(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “that’s again just the idealizing of the trouble..” Tantrum : “then tune everyone in it including the self and make it double(all laugh a lot,cheers for TEAM ROCKET,all laugh even more)..” Pablo(frown) : “then you go only deeper into this mess” Tantrum : “thus delete all out from this dual place..” Pablo(frown) : “that can be the scheme of the most cunning(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum : “only for those who has to be running(all laugh a lot shaing their heads)..” Pablo(frown) : “thus you contradict yourself here the most astounding..” Tantrum : “make your mark abstract and be the most resounding..” Pablo(bit taken aback) : “thus who are the parents mom and dad..” Tantrum : “existence and consciousness dually clad(all laugh shaking their heads)” Pablo(still a bit taken aback) : “still it’s a matter of the next best(all laugh)” Tantrum : “until it falls away the static is permanent thus never in haste(all laugh)..” Pablo(frown) : “then anything is deemed as honest and true..” Tantrum : “if they never makes one define what’s rue(all laugh)..” Pablo(smile) : “thus you’ll spin it again and again just to show the yearn” Tantrum : “non phychophysicality if no more recognized surpassing the best moons will remain the blazing sun” Pablo(broad smile,  Tantrum) : “surely you can call that dad or mom can’t you Randy” Tantrum : “existentially Sir indifference doesn’t taste sour but none bereaved by it will ask for the brand of the candy/consciousness Sir tells us that we’re us thus it’s ever other hence this existence it’s reference turns ever quickly to become sandy/thus no matter what if difference persists indifference always will come so handy(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY Phantom,all laugh even more)..” Pablo(same pose,smile) : “surely Terry can’t forget you can he Randy..” Tantrum : “it’s a matter of his understanding with himself what he’ll do/thus for me it’s of no use cause only my own being itself makes all these happen so that I rue/else I become his mere tool by which he may choose to be him/but that’s conceptual Sir with me he can never be the real him(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY,..)..thus no matter what is there it’ll all come to pass/Hands-On we were shown Sir we’ll remain exactly there all by ourselves thus only always will plant THE GRASS(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE ART OF PLANTING THE GRASS,all laugh even more)/thus all I can do is this Sir/to never be me hence only thee thus in reality anyone else hence by duality can’t ever get to know what means blur/thus there’s no escape form anyone else even the reality cause it’s all me/thus I can’t be anything else or even myself unless duality leave me to be free/thus no matter what be the appearance if I can’t be me cause of thee/i’ll have to be thee but alas it’s all due to not being me thus forgetting all this duality I can’t allow to roam with glee/hence is this one of the paths of more suitable to me/it could be anything else or nothing,nothing matters to the absolute that just that is irresistible thus all I do is let it be thee/thus it again becomes not me of of thee thus indeed only me/it’s infinite this illusion yet it’s illusion thus the absolute I by not being have got to be(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY)..” Pablo(same pose smile) : “this is just the reverse isn’t it(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “or the converse or the inverse exquisite is only reality/cause there’s no duality there the rest is best deemed as it’s maturity..” Pablo(same pose smile) : “you’re my son indeed Stash as is Gary,Ingemar,Zed and Seth this one the reality no more any doubts dear not again once more for eternity(all laugh)” Tantrum : “well the rules dictate that the semantics is best left to PROFESSIONALITY(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Pablo(laugh,same pose) : “man countering by all means(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “the most enjoying yeah(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(laugh) : “well Millie has a few chosen ones forever past and future thus present as her bro for sure..” Tantrum : “against those she deems as beau(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(smile) : “thus this duality we all must viciously eschew..” Tantrum : “yeah but in gross if you want good services for your troubled or non-manageable or too thoughtful helpers with different forms of being you know where you and your known ones can find it..” Pablo(laughing a lot) : “Strawberry Roll PROFESSIONAL HONESTY IS NEVER MARRED BY PERSONAL VIRTUE that is/Specifically thus do Facepalm in all due morality of the general Ethics(all burst into laughter,cheers for let us all sing high that ode/MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,Gary shakes his head laughing)..”..
so please afterall Dr Oak Dr Oak(all laugh a lot)..” Gary(laugh) : “man this pest has been sickening ever(all laugh) thus has finally set the whole world upon my nerves even outside profession SPECIFICALLY(all laugh)..no after the whole saga when those 4 utter brats came here for the ending high with the fired one later in universal thoughts via videos from all sorts of volcanoes(all laugh) it was like a billion people each with trillion pokemons(all laugh) none of whom paid actually wanted to abandon the brat(all laugh)..grandpa was saying um..(all laugh) and no I wasn’t there neither were the twin brats but Margin just returned and had a logical Scythe(Gary,Stash and Seth laugh a lot,rest shake their heads laughing) so had to call Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh)..who thankfully was returning to Pallet after 5.5 years due to his society’s month long antics against civilization there just as we left and the wise ones returned almost to their fullest unleashing both sets actually complementing and especially as my brats and Stashey’s brats started to mingle and Seth lad went ransack with his brats almost all of whom were literally forsaken pseudo-legendary dragons if not then still psychic for heaven’s sake(all laugh)..so Zed came in and served anyone that came person or pokemon no matter the profession(all laugh) and ofcourse with Hikki becoming Kimmie and the inception of Silim,Arnie and Mippie with the reestablishment of Dreamy,Voltie along with the inception of Moppie and most horrendously Minnie(all laugh) it was an absolute mayhem there(all laugh) and thus the money became even more scant(all laugh)..and still this thankfully happened after Doctor Slate relieved trainers(all laugh) and Brawn with all this now Wickie and Beeky being there as well via communication channels for the services in the whole city just completely unleashed without any burdens of extra service work to match his vision for the city as it was logical(all laugh a lot) then Flint uncle and Zia aunty were too happy there with the crooked bunch being imMarginalized now(all laugh) and Zipgarnet,Bosangria and Rimsable gyms totally erupted with changes in leaders each week anyone could become like grandma(all laugh) and Jerry uncle’s brats were going ransack then with the care but finally the ever indifferent Cerulean became too sensational to handle(all laugh) DaisyDaisyl was selling badges for fun just after completing a year and half mandatory(all laugh a lot),Ms Volbeat was at her most lunatic self finally unshackled from college and away from her dish in interregional tours Johto,Hoenn,Ransei and Sinnoh totally erupted(all laugh),then Lil was at Cinnabar still of all places(all laugh a lot) and now most FEINDISHLY the baby Starmie turned out to be the most vicious Gyarados(all laugh)..man they were more afraid of the Gyarados than her hubby or twin you know cause she wasn’t stable even(all laugh a lot)..so it was something man those years you know for Margin that is(all laugh a lot)..” Stash(laugh) : “well it was nothing compared to when Doctor Slate restarted leading around on top of all these(all laugh) even Sintu said um..bro is he okay(all laugh)..so I said say Hey!OH BOULDER BOULDER PLAY!(all burst into laughter,Brock hides his face laughing,Violet uncontrollably laughs)/OH BOULDER BOULDER SAY!/OH DCOTOR SLATE LOOK AT THIS NIGHT IT’S THAT TIME TO SHINE/YOU’RE GONNA BATHE IN THE LIGHT OF 330 GHOSTLY KNIGHTS(all laugh cheers for PEWTER ROCK,all laugh even more,Brock shakes his head laughing)..anyway about the baby Gyarados Gary how was your one month of travel(all laugh a lot)..” Gary(laugh) : “untenable(all laugh)..man Margin played a wicked trick on me you know(all laugh) so I go to the airport and this little Gyarados comes in,hey Gary why aren’t you talking with Lil what did she say what did you do what did your and her feel(all burst into laughter),what the namecall..(all laugh a lot)..but we’re going right into infinity with this(all laugh)..
(later,Cameron’s parents,they’ve finished hearing it) Rodrick(smile) : “well the summon has reached we can’t really help it can we Joannie(all laugh a lot)” Joan(laugh) : “yeah rhymes with Brunery saw..(both laugh a lot)..and actually with the future set it surely is like SO NAIVE( both burst into laughter)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for PEWTER ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” (Giselle’s parents after listening to it)
Darius(laugh) : “what sort of outrageous brats are our nephews Bertie(all laugh)..” Alberta(laughing a lot) : “hush!professionalism!the personal bond that even our daughter and son-in-law showed is best left to generalization else it’ll become specific thus categorical thanks(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..”
(Cameron and Giselle)
Giselle(extremely angry and dejected bit shivering voice) : “so this all came into existence due to your infatuation with spit and cough isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Cameron(frown) : “yeah more contagious than than your blood and sweat apparently(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Giselle(scowl) : “atleast I didn’t stay hellbent to specifications(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Cameron(frown) : “yeah better than rolling the ideologies in objective commemoration(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(extremely angry,shivering voice) : “so your first approach wasn’t yet mine was isn’t it huh!..(all laugh)..” Cameron(frown) : “well I won’t be much troubled in generality your’s is specific DUH!(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(cry,shout) : “you..you b..”
Cameron(frown) : “against it thus best wishes for your journey only enhances the insipid always the mustard bye(all laugh shaking their heads)”
(Cameron getting inside Pablo's gym surprized to see Kumaglak and Roxanne) : "um..hallow there i'm Cameron Nitolsil the guards.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "no as do we..Millie talks about you,Giselle Jiplem and Terry ofcourse and none else..personally#..we stole her systems once found out this..i guess this is why Sir and 'mam don;t pay much attention to her..she's incorruptible it seems..till now though we guess.."
Cameron(frown) : "indeed by questions you see..too selection prone#.."
Roxanne(frown) : "do you have a friend named Orion(all un..long,..Living Hunter,#,..).."
Cameron(taken aback) : "um..no he's not a friend he's mom's new secretary i met him only once#.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "is Mrs Alberta under some difficult times regarding ().."
Cameron(frown) : "i guess you know Mr Orion too#.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "soon all will..a cue is always in making and never new..i guess you know this phrase too#..Passage Cue,#,.."
Cameron(frown) : "Resultant never New..i heard this phrase somewhere indeed#.."
Roxanne(bit thoughtful) : "um..a strange creature named Orion came as your emissary here the security knew got in saw us told of what had happened till then at the hospital and left..um..we shouldn't be told about these events should we#..nor should um..this kind of an event take place either we guess#..Living Painter,#,..nor the fact that we like stood there as if only to um..validate the propriety of the whole#..Refill Concern,#,.."
Cameron(taken aback) : "um..i guess not#..no none of it is um..um..actually can happen#..i came here with my parents and Lana aunty they went up.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "do you know any of our names we practice here.."
Cameron(normal) : "only one a Mr Goran Ketchum..no it's not related to Oak labs#..Discuss Gap,#,.."
Kumaglak(frown) : "i wished so Mr Nitolsil..i wish so still indeed#..Discuss Gap,#,.."
Cameron(taken aback) : "um..but what has happened to Millie since she went to that Pallet tour it's all started after that 6 months back#.."
Roxanne(straight) : "object too discuss prone thoughts mere host of action indeed#..Discuss Gap,#,..(all three giggle)..disguise/imagine/token oh presence/function at my margins..
oh wishing sprites/oh switching lights/oh fixing might/gives engine type..
oh ringing/inspite/as i all you/fiction comes to be finding what's life..
oh requiring what or seer's right/thus degrees of difference in empathy and saving/future strikes#..
oh relations..be thus not beside but side of mine/else look or as..can't too tight means entwine#..Cameron&Kumaglak&Roxanne..The Esoteric Shopping,#,.."
(Tantrum’s discharge day a week later)
Lana(smile) : “hey why don’t you work here..” Tantrum : “no it’s rather serious this place(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(laugh) : “improfessionally emotional I guess(all laugh)” Tantrum : “lexicographically(all burst into laughter)” Lana(bursting into laughter) : “man surely you affect people psychologically(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “homogeneously(all burst into laughter)” Lana(laugh) : “so what’s the trouble staying home here on your own terms..” Tantrum : “no it’s not in best of your interests compeer regarding both your and your involutional wanderings..shh..so much non-technicality(all un..,Abraham+Miette..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..)..it's not suited to your or your professions..grammar mere cessation..shh..so rationality oriented intellect bypassin'(all un..,..Harris+Brenda..Unto Murmur,#,..) and my associations mostly(all laugh a lot)” Lana(laugh) : “atleast we’re vulturized now(all laugh)” Tantrum : “may be but in gross if..(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Lana(laughing a lot) : “yeah I know that bit thanks PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh)” Tantrum : “generationally too(all laugh)” Lana(smile) : “that’s for sure but after listening to all that..” Tantrum : “personally(all laugh) don’t worry compeer this creature barring it's illusion as Millie will get out of the trouble herself..shh..so much logical soundness#..Upto Concur,#,..and now it’s all three in effect infact they’ve been too intrigued too thus actually it’ll be easier to have peace and calm at my workplace(all laugh)..” Lana(smile) : “it’s ok dear if you want to work there but I don’t agree with your eating habits nor your uncle that’s all(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “food the catastrophe of ownership#..A Random Tryrantum,#,..”
Lana(tenderly) : “no it’s not you’re staying with us only all four of your squares that is or any of your choosing from any class..”
Tantrum : “Oh Gyre Gyre don’t re-fall into grass(all laugh shaking their heads)..Oh Gyre Gyre look around/inclusion Gyre comes abound/thus vehicle of oh hi/duality purge what's no not me but thy#..Shadowy Lantern,#,..”
Lana(laughing a lot) : “what’s your lab’s issue with a person like Mr Wolfgang(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “firstly you're in a requirement of a correction compeer it's Mr Facepalm's factory or lab or library the best suited word(all laugh..lot)..technically notionally it's called The Sanctuary of Strawberry Facepalm may be you're familiar with this term a novel few were saying..shh..so imputable#..Buster Slash,#,..thus whatever you want to call it i don't work there anymore i used to 4 long years back when i was much younger to familiarity of injunctive orthogonality not specificity of logic(all un..)..this time around according to memory recurring from allegory i'm no more that..this : the rectification of semblance,countering parlance..the familiarity of forgo#..Unto Murmur,#,..anyway i don't work there anymore but my compeers do so sometimes we meet to discuss about 'life : the perspiration of logic'(all un..) anyway about Gyre Cauldron well he needs to stay clear of us reads his professional dictum(all laugh a lot)..but he said I have personal stakes/just this age of revisiting the leftover cakes(all laugh shaking their heads)..OH GYRE GYRE SATISFACTION/OH GYRE DID YOU THINK OR UNDERSTOOD WITH FEELING ITS DEFINITION'S CROSS SECTION(all un..)” Lana(smile) : “surely you understand what is what(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “that’s what he should that it’s asked only if one knows how to define what(all laugh)..” Lana(smile) : “so what’s your plan today..” Tantrum : “well given everything I’ve been rusticated from even the sewage worker’s corporation thanks to the Bosangria City’s PHYSICAL POLICE(Lana bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter) they insinuated that more than 1 weeks of absence without consent is indeed punishable hence they lose the works I was doing at () section on () and () outlets day and night shift with Swalots and Gulpins(all laugh) they were found misbehaving in the meantime being too happy hence they were scared but they’ll remain so unless their trainers know how they’ve fared(all laugh) just might’ve asked them if they agree to them that only the index finger differentiates between bear and fair(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(laughing) : “yeah that’s for sure(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “so yeah with all that a section of the city that’s almost all has deemed me to be dangerous(all laugh)/hence now if you insist roaming around the streets with HUMANS is what’s AH!venturous!(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(laughing a lot) : “yeah an unemployed vaganbond like Strawberry Facepalm(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “still I secured my food whereas he is still trying just to understand the unity of mood and wood(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(laugh) : “surely you’re not going to just aimlessly roam around..” Tantrum : “neither would any pokemons that I met during my works no matter trained or wild cause we have the incentives now the trainers and all so having the factory open there we can invite anyone(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)..for us it’s extremely important you see as we can’t contemplate full time the next best is why aren’t you me(all laugh a lot)..” Lana(laugh) : “well that contrasts the other state too(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “indeed not to those who goes there hence there’s ever an incentive against hence also for THE VULTURES(all laugh a lot)..and about roaming around in the mass Gyre said people may find it suspicious(all laugh) so yeah his resolution is that he’ll get me a job..” Pablo(coming in laughing a lot) : “as a personal housekeeper at the Jiplems’ specifically from today without any general pay rhymes saw(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “photogenically(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..” Lana(laughing) : “and yeah it’s shared post actually..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “at Gyre’s home it’s professionalism only(all laugh)..it will be huge challenge you know for their next generation as much as yours hence us too cause we’re perceptive of them till 20 atleast..DUALLY(all laugh a lot,cheers for VULTURE THRILLER,..)..(Pablo's phone rings).."
Pablo(a bit surprised) : "Pallet Police what are they upto now(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "i'll see compeer it's ok..endurance of journey to logical mass/bequeaths the notion of confidence ignorance's parametric rush(all un..)/to the fight of the conditioned being all lone/being out of this is the aim of the struggle yet it itself says leave me alone,countering(all un..)..any conventions of symbolism circumvented for convenience of logical trepidation(all un..)"
Pallet Police : "no thanks(all laugh..lot) it's the Police itself it's ok but there is a but and that's all.."
Tantrum : "i need dual entities to provide me compeers the tangibles by caution not the palpable by sensations though(all un..)"
Police(Pallet) : "yeah stay at your location we'll pick you up rest you know.."
Tantrum : "wouldn't have been needed if they were told are they worried that there's ego the soul's crow,countering..(cuts off)..(all un..)..right compeers i'll require privacy with your presence it's the residuals of future fearing they are deceived in the post fight payments by now the grammatical agents,countering(all un..),the fight is ofcourse with essence,essence of self,the retribution of truth,reflectively though not countering,countering(all un..)"
...(Pablo and Lana realizes it might be about about Team Skull so a bit worried)..
Tantrum : "right yeah someone needs to be the witness at the Kalos Elite4 HQ to give statements of truth in front of Mr Humberto Rafolrat alias HumbutHallow ShooIntutionCat(all un..)..the Police will escort me there but i will leave from here itself cause as it's said,'early to bed/early to rise/makes a man healthy,wealthy and wise',countering(all un..)"
Pablo and Lana(laughing..) : "yeah certainly is a security threat unless they escort you mid-flight definitely(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "may be but i've been to places before that they won't reach with these technologies and that too without physical protection it was good fear is only the probabilistic hood of the product between a feeling and the question if it really should,countering(all un..)..if only they let the conservational rules be free..shh..
Free Free Free Free Bar/one two three can't compare/Ah Oh Fuh Auh Ah Um..Ah/Fuh Phew Ah Spur..Freed BAR..felt if Meh Uff..Par Nah Mar..No Far You shoo i Meh Uff..
Eh Blur What/boomerang aim got Charred..
Mist Mist Mist Mist Far..No Conclusion Further#..Mist Far,#,.."
Pablo and Lana(laughing..) : "God bless the hearing process(all laugh..lot).."
..(10 days later Tantrum at Jiplems’ home after he returned from Kalos Elite4 HQ)..
Darius(laugh) : “welcome Ms Missed Simulator professionally(all un..long,..Mist Mist Mist..Far/Oh Near where Meh Marred,#,..)..” Alberta(laugh) : “specifically you can’t use pokemons here though generally while sleeping neither at Nitolsil guest house though Mr Wolfgang will be forced to allow(all laugh)” Missed : “to start I have a Shelgon..(both laugh a lot)..(all burst into laughter) that’s second stage of Salamance for you(all laugh)..for the end if it's not now then it's never due..shh..so intigatin'#..Mist Far,#,..” Alberta(laughing) : “and it’s Zed’s isn’t it(all laugh)..” Missed : “hands-on..specifics never precise#..Mist Far,#,..” Alberta(laughing a lot) : “man you would’ve been something in the board meetings too(all laugh)..if only they could digest existential anomalies#..Mist Mist Mist Far/Process oh gone near,#,..” Darius(laughing) : “or as a waiter just imagine a college student with a beau(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..” Missed: “not necessary if the hotel was owned by any painter’s resentment association parking fee increment protagonist Haxorus indeed so true(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..besides emotional intelligence has been exhorted to places which warrants that such a case with any cross gender situation will be deemed a method not a solidification of the fiction of relationship which is a fiction of justice,countering(all un..)”..yeah now just put on the visuals(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..man what sort of brats see these in along with own children(all laugh,..CHOICED BRATS,all burst..)..certainly(all laugh..lot),anyway so it rolls only(all laugh)..
..(later neither Giselle nor the rest knows anything of this,after the events all has heard relevant recordings,Cameron has become very solemn and determined,Terrence is mostly disappointed,Mildred is very confused with everything and has lost much of her boisterousness thus,Giselle has become very rough on everything..)
Giselle(solemn,coming home much late,going to her room,a camera is fit inside hidden by Tantrum once she enter thing will be recorded) : “why is it open..(Opens the door)”
Monogram : “I’m sorry ‘mam but I afraid..” Giselle(shocked) : “WHAT THE..(all laugh)..” Monogram : “rhymes with Ladyba thanks(all laugh)” Giselle(angry) : “HOW THE F.. did you get in huh!..” Monogram : “proverbially duh(all burst into laughter)..” Giselle(shout) : “you p..”
Monogram : “I wonder if it’s indeed there motion that inspired zag and the EMOTION the zig(all burst into laughter)”
Giselle(extremely angry,going away) : “I’m showing you you..(Shelgon zaps in)..(scared,shout)..HEL..(Shelgon holds her up as Tantrum quickly closes the door)..”
Monogram(while closing the door) : “I wonder why hearing it one would visualize a kelp/moving in glee with all freedom downside being under the water yet underwater life comes with a mystery the visual beauty of this aquarium nothing odd kept kept for public visage thus in this shelf(all burst into laughter)”
Giselle(shout,very scared) : “you p..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monogram : “it’s the mind of duality else you would’ve asked why the veins and arteries indispensable for PHYSIQUE in reality turns out just a few culverts(all laugh shaking their heads)” Giselle(very scared,bit of tears) : “you b.. what have you done to my parents you..(all laugh)” Monogram : “it’s the visage of the delicate physique that comes as a tool to explain the new/none of it are me I know that thus knowing more for me is due/hence is this idea of existence creates a sphere of illusion like a hue/yet consciousness says it’s cause we’re away from it all you thus need to do is with that don’t let yourself to sew(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(very scared still,shout) : “you b.. this is your..(all laugh shaking their heads)..(giggle)..
look-only-at imply/no look-only-to comply/no look-only-at at/no look-only looking to be safety's at/oh look-only at if/no look-only-at is/oh look-only then me/no look-only-at look at's key..
if and then oh so is i/no look-only at look at i/oh look-only-at if/bit bit bit clever let as IS(all un..long..,Choiced Brats,#,..)..(scowl)..no it shoudln't end here unlike what Mehu scripts describing all#..Baby-per-Sos,#,..” Monogram : “fall : the least corrective#..The Darkened Ones,#,..certain traits of mind are deemed as pure/only from your perspective compeer for me it’s just a dual lure(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(profusely crying) : “you p.. this is why then that b.. showed so much..” Monogram : “one of the ways to get rid of illusion to try to get own mind to cure/never needed never existent if it pops up still as the physique won’t go away rather persistent is just to describe what’s visible in the absence of mind not the body that’s for more than sure(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY)..” Giselle(a bit flustered now,still crying) : “stop this drama..” Monogram : “well that’s what I told uncle and aunty nothing to beauty are you unlike any social demonstration march food supply defaulting accused Hariyama(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(crying) : “what do you want huh you’ve already spoiled my life completely all cause that b.. Mildred got mentally s.. around and that b.. Cammie paid your henchmen off(all laugh a lot)..” Monogram : “what did Terry tell you(all laugh)..” Giselle(sobbing a bit) : “shut up(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “he said he was sorry that he was infatuated strangely only with your nasal scabs and smell reinvigorating wasn’t his too to you..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(angry,shout,crying) : “shut up you b.. this is your method of torturing all to death..” Monogram : “indeed unless you die how can you know what is life unless you live how can you know what is death(all laugh)..similar way unless you know how stool is produced in the body how you depreciate stool unless you face constipation how can you you appreciate stool(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(crying,shout) : “you f.. b..”
Monogram : “fare enough you’re more infatuated with PSYCHOLOGY then(all laugh shaking their heads)..shh..look-only-at..that/no look-only-at at/oh difference qualia/spontaneous eludes..look-only-at..intelligentsia..no look-only-at that/oh look-only-at looking at..the least strange anyhow#..Colony Monogram,#,..it’s rather easy you know when you have one grain to eat and someone asks for it and you give it up thinking it’s ok I’ve had my time being alive in the hindsight it’s just your knowledge that now or later anyway you’ll lose your health..”
Giselle(now a bit calmed down,scowl,still little tears) : “just shut up you scoundrel..” Monogram : “thus you’re neither happy nor sad may be just the acceptance of what’s the most bad thus it’s a defeat rather no more than sad that if you knew only it’s just your own illusive pad by which you want to be the best at the cost of someone cause you’re not that then you may get a great life if you want to visit it again just the illusion of being honest the ego forever again and again(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(frown,wiping her tears off) : “what do you want..” Monogram : “but those to whom the body is just a matter of simple and plain the duality to prove that the mind through it judges what’s loss what’s gain which itself if useless cause at the end to the observer it’s rather all in vain cause she knows she’s none of these yet strangely wants this negation to ever reign..” Giselle(frown) : “hey just shut up ok..” Monogram : “this thirst to be what there already is this hope which generates it is the result too that now surely there’s nothing left then to contrast it as-is thus this duality that knows what it is wants to know the same again because of this thus creates this illusion of other never ending thus supplying a new piece giving up all this idea of you the grain and the needy doesn’t exist cause duality is no more left to cease” Giselle(frown) : “it’s a great excuse then isn’t it exactly like as you said all the times no matter the spit and cough..” Monogram : “it’s not possible to break the comb and drink the honey not being perceptive of bees/without them that doesn’t exist that wants to be not them thus only gives them the lease/thus anything inanimate becomes alive and the viseversa indeed pay the fees/that in this whole cauldron of illusion if forcefully put all you find is nothing that can subject you to TEASE(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(frown) : “thus you throw the hardball of familial connections isn’t it..” Monogram : “may be it’s just a sly trick but for those who are WOKEN it’s just the description of reality as it is(all laugh,cheers for Colony Monogram,all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(tired) : “just stop this nonsense ok since you came around all due to that b.. it’s just so..so..” Monogram : “ENSUING(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..which it should be now Shelgie zap her there drowning her dry her up make her psychophysically comfortable then make her sit at that chair there beside me and yeah throughout tickle her psychophysically..(all laugh a lot)..
Giselle(shout,tears) : “you..(Shelgon proceeds to do what she was told to)” (after all sets up very quickly..,Giselle is now forced to sit at her table where her food was kept,she is tied up with rubber tapes as Shelgon held hep up..) Monogram : “right if you scream she’ll tickle you again(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(in much distress) : “you..what is..” Monogram : “your food allow me to help you here unless you eat you’ll be deluged in cosmetics then shown how it’s psychophysically affects your as I said spit and cough most minutely(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(spits at Monogram,crying,shout) : “take that you p..(all laugh shaking thei heads)..” Monogram : “Shelgie work(washes off)..yeah surely spit isn’t charming is it then GissieJippie(all laugh)..oh Billy Billy..aww..seen only/look-only-at..look not at only..
oh look-only-at that..
oh look-only-at at..
shh..so discomfortin' just to be knowing though from position so comfortin'..duality ever preludes..hallow hallow..or solo solo/oh look-only-at this saying hallow or oh(all un..,..Colony Monogram,#,..)
..no if you spit too many times your throat and mouth cavity will dry up thus you’ll anyway have to drink thus eat too countering(all laugh)..patience the least torturing time mere concession(all un..,..Look-only-At,#,..)..so please..no it’s ok I can help you to drink water SEMANTICALLY(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..right..no Shelgie hold her lips up levitate her face a bit make her a bit agitated right the water is in good..(all laugh a lot,cheers for CIVILIZATION,all laugh even more)..right so you see it will be very painful to urinate or excrete stool unless they are the MOST ENDOWING(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Giselle(profusely crying) : “you b.. this..”
Tantrum : “fair enough then this one is for you,all hail Ms Volbeat and COSMETICS no more RUE the most ENGULFING(all burst into laughter,Violet cheers for THE VULTURES RATE,all laugh even more)..right..yeah make her face off white(all burst into laughter)..right make her nails red except the tip of it cause she knows the product ain’t edible right(all burst into laughter)..right make the upper sides of her lips which is soft tissues of the skin the upper portion of it..yeah..make it bright red unless she may consume it..right..make her hairs fluffy from each position so that it may seem they’re coming off but somehow clinging onto her head in an act or trepidation..countering the idea physics clamours for called RETARDATION(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for Convene Skats,#,..)..indeed now move her head around from each side it should look symmetric countering the cosmology of antisymmetry in genealogy(all laugh a lot)..no it should appear symmetric from each GLIMPSE AND GLANCE not to me but to you because given my status as a human thus having had to have the concept of gender so vague already it will disturb me further asking whose whose beau(all burst into laughter)..indeed hence what others should think is why you’re not me thus act and what she should think is why am I not you and thus should act thus both will be unable to work in reflections once they understand both are saying only why you’re no more my..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY)..right pour the leftovers upon her..perfect(all laugh a lot)..any complaints ‘mam(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Giselle(shout,angry) : “you p..(Shelgon holds her up)..” Tantrum : “..typographically(all burst into laughter)..as unless I was it would’ve been hard to not be me TELEGRAPHICALLY(all burst into laughter)..(opens the food covers,a soup and other items..uses a gloves and many big spoons and other utensils)..(all laugh a lot)..Shelgie just become me as I become you and UNBOUND..(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,all laugh)..(getting things ready dancing in rhythm as the song goes..) Ho Oh Ho OhHo Oh Ho Oh HoOh Ho Oh Ho OhHo Oh..(Shelgon does many things in Psychic Channels to Giselle and other actions as Tantrum says and also by her own then as if arguing with Tantrum on certain decisions like rhymes as if consulting and arguing leg pulling having fun and moving in rhythm physically too behvaing as if exactly him while Tantrum imitates him in psychic channels in choreography,Tantrum dancing with Shelgon too who imitates his moves as he does her)..(all laugh a lot)..
(feeding Giselle,she is very annoyed but makes her eat in rhythm dancing..) ME ME ME SeeSee THEE THEE THEE SeeSee ME THEE WHAT’S THEN WHAT ME OR THEE(all laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY) Human emotions no no no so
No Human difference so so so Oh(all laugh a lot,cheers for Look-only-At,all burst into laughter)..
Take this grand chance Ho Oh Oh Ho No More different will I be so STARWBERRY says HO (now feeding her in intervals while dancing in rhythm) (putting his arms out as to hug and pick up)..Oh I’M READY READY DI(making face in same pose while shivering his legs) (irritated face,both hands on waste,nodding)HUM..(smirk,sarcastic)..BE STEADY STEADY(making irritated face moving his head sideways smirking moving only his lips sideways in diagonal) huh-huh(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Lillie uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter putting her palms on both sides of Gary’s cheeks in rhythms moving sideways,Gary shakes his head laughing  er) (giggling putting his arms out as if to be picked up by someone)..GO (as if picking up someone in much glee and giggle,as if swinging someone)..OH MY LADY LADY DI(irritated as if putting someone down scowl,) PROFESSIONALLY SHRED PERSONAL WEIGHT SO HEAVY HEAVY..(putting his tongue out,making naughty face) al-al(all uncontrollably laugh,..) (as if   someone’s neck moving sideways making sarcastic naughty face) OH MY TEDDY TEDDY DI (as if holding someone’s hair)..DYE GENERAL ENOUGH SPECIFICATIONS OF SHADY SHADY(smirking moving only his lips sideways in diagonal sarcastic face) hum-hum(all uncontrollably laugh,..) (smiling after as if fitting his tie then as if opening the cover from a surprised food ) Surprise (happy surprised face)WHOA..(bit gloomy face)..um..a bit BREADY BREADY DI..(scowl putting his hands on his waist)..WHAT..(nervous grin)..NO NO IT’S GREAT JUST LACKS A TINGE OF SPICE..(turning back,despaired angry face,sad heavy frustrated despaired voice)..WHOLE DAY WORK RETURN AND HUH WHERE’S THE..(turning back,scowl,angry face) WHAT..(happy grin)..so swe..um..tasty the GRAVY GRAVY..(scowl,angry,both hands on waste,nodding,making sounds thumping the toe on ground in rhythm)..(appreciative gushing dipping face with flattering voice)..HUM HUM!(all uncontrollably laugh,..) (as if sweeping,irritated,as if picking up a lots of fallen hair)..even at this age so much..(as if coming in from somewhere too happy)..HONEY..hi was just cleaning a bit..(flexing muscles pointing to it with as if a broom,smug) SAVVY SAVVY VY..(shocked,as if sitting down suddenly as if in despair,tearful shivering voice)..WHAT IT’S OUR 1ST YEAR TODAY YOU SAID SPECIAL GIFT AND..(innocent face)..um..yeah that I’m home savvy just to make you happy..(extremely angry as if suddenly standing up)..YOU NAMECALL..(as if chasing someone with a broom circularly)..(ANGRY VOICE SHOUT,as if rebuking someone in much anger despair and irritation a bit shivering shrilling voice)..SO BEAVY BEAVY..(as if chewing something in extreme angry,as if low pitched growl)..upend him and her..meh..arrhg..arrhg(all uncontrollably laugh,..) (as if enticed,wondering voice,as if proposing bending down on knees,as if holding someone’s sleeve portion,smile) Oh My NAVY NAVY VY..(innocent face as if pulling someone’s shirt from bottom and calling someone from behind as if young child)..uncle aunty our kite got cut off here..(extremely angry as if jumping out of hunched position suddenly,as if trying to beat up someone)..YOU B..(scow staring at someone)..HONEY..sorry dear we didn’t see it hum..(innocent face,smile)..no matter aunty sorry bye..(smile in much glee)..bye..aww so sweet a baby..(as if naughty giggling in much joy as if little kids hi-fiving with each other after pestering someone while moving face forward as if dancing his eyebrows in rhythm grinning at someone)..HUM HUM BABY BABY..(extremely angry making someone look at them,grunting)..EI..(scowl making someone look at other direction,extremely angry,where another two persons like a couple are dancing in glee having irritated them)..WE TOOK LESS TIME(now looking at them,similar movements as the little kids were doing) HI PRIVACY AT PARK..(joint hands as if swinging little children while dancing moving themselves in rhythm)..THE KIDS LITERAL AND MENTAL(now as if crying mocking)..PI PI PI PI Ho-Oh(all uncontrollably laugh,..) (doing exercises,saluting studying,thinking a lot,rejoicing,smiling,donating something,trying to save someone,as if acting trying to make someone laugh,trying to contemplate while looking..all while saying continuing the tone long) OH MY LEVY LEVY VY..(smiling,giggle,thinking,many facial movements only no physical movements unlike before,while saying similar)..hum hum hum hum..(extremely grave as if not being able to match something pointing fingers at different things then as if the wristwatch and photo and pointing to head) maybe maybe..(as if very irritated frustrated throwing arms)..OH HO!(all uncontrollably laugh,..) (finally laughing taping Giselle’s head with a clean spoon,Giselle is in tears and fits and convulsions laughing Tantrum made Shelgon make Giselle’s binds cut off by psychic force..)..SO OH MY EDDIE EDDIE DI DON’T GET SO HEADY HEADY says Ho-Oh Oh-Ho Oh Ho Oh-Ho Oh-Ho Oh Ho..(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTRUM,all laugh even more)..” ..so(all laugh),first of all Ms Volbeat how was the imitation(all laugh)..” Violet(laughing a lot) : “man no wonder you and your bros changed the whole show industry you know this is outrageous stuff capable of shattering any previous records whatever may that be each night(all laugh)..like you namecall BABY BAY HI HI O SAVVY SAVVY HO-OH(all laugh a lot)..man no wonder they become younger to Dismie and Lissie even after 27 years(all laugh)..and it’s going on for 33 years now like,I CAN FEEL IT CoME IT’S IN THE AIR TONIGHT..OH LORD..VUTURES THAT’S GOD..(all laugh a lot,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,.controllably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)..and well this is just you but really I want to ask Trace cause he’s normal and(all laugh a lot) he studied everything that bro is this at all human what Silim was doing 27 year ago(all laugh a lot)..” Tracey(laugh) : “by no means(all laugh)..and no you know this isn’t getting repeated in a couple of millenias either unless the same set returns all together like this(all laugh) cause it’s just impossible to imagine how they persisted in psychic channels without knowing anything but how to mortify themselves(all laugh a lot) and well among us only Dase is normal trainer(all laugh) so what about it..” Daisy(laugh) : “just observation(all laugh a lot,Tracey too laughs a lot)..man these days Kiurie and Reigi is going nuts so I understand what it is like to be pokemon master countering(all laugh,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,all laugh even more)..” Goran(laugh) : “but Brock doesn’t it settle an argument still in our favour looking at a dialogue not monologue(all laugh a lot)” Brock(laugh) : “ostensibly(all laugh a lot)..” Seth(laugh): “geometrically(all laugh a lot)” Stash(laugh) : “no it’s inhuman you know that those brats share these for as many years too no matter(all laugh)..anyway then this still is just