s)..
Hologram : "greetings compeers because 11 city circle doesn't have any official places as retreats for the ceaseless ones i may assume that i'm talking with compeers thus because i wasn't given the opportunity to say this before i must say now that if my assumption isn't true please consider by fervent apology from before(all laugh..lot)..
Caution tion tion tion tion tion change the form ego daily change the form(all un..)/that now you're looking at me but thus why not i object that it's just awareness's intellectual Hologram(all un..)/action tion tion tion tion tion change the form daily change the form(all un..)/that i can't help but to act but thus only on thee my Hologram(all un..).."
..(A Demonstration goes out to Police three hours later)..
Agitator(head,angry) : "this is written in your manuals on how to control Panic isn't it why all have returned home in 3 hours at 3 in the day(all un..,..Change the Form Change the form,all un..)..
Police(head,sarcasm) : "well this is the first time certainly here where the Police is getting rest you see compeer.."
Agitator(scowl) : "the accepted greeting among strangers then isn't it countering(all un..)"
Police(head,sarcasm) : "the most resolving..change the form,change the form(all un..,..Daily Hologram,all un..)"
Agitator(head,very angry) : "you know what we demand you to connect him to the radio station in the segment where a judge discusses legal matters(all un..).."
Police(head,sarcasm) : "no trouble at all but i don't understand why you don't enjoy this moment Sir of AUTOMATION..i could feel it come it's in the air right now..oh now..oh vultures how(all un..).."
..(Juritared Judiciary Head is connected to Daily Hologram)..
judge(scowl) : "so Mr Rak.."
Hologram : "passion : the analytic hologram of intuition's daily ration(all un..)"
Judge(frown) : "so as our whole Police force gone to the bushes all thanks to you(all un..),none are out there to control anything who takes the responsibility.."
Hologram : "responsibility : in response to ability(all un..)"

140.

Gary(laughing..) : "then after 3 months Margin looked after me,Kuzu and Seth,Gladie who was 5 and re-learning everything mostly the lexical use of the same now Hands-On(all un..) so so fittingly looked after The Feathered Ones(all un..),then Zed himself nurtured the elder master brats obviously Hands-On(all laugh..lot) and this all were in the lab whereas aunty just because she was most actively worried was forsaken with Guzzle Humdrum(all un..,Violet..oh my sweet little baby here's mom/indeed compeer(all un..),but you know when i was of your age just now as you know it(all un..),i told the same to you but you answered to here's mom as countering but why would i too mention existentially not intelligibly,all un..,Cedar..but how can we formul..,oh Humdrum Humdrum look puzzle/that if it can't be resolved solution guzzle guzzle..me,all un..,Cedar..what does it have to do with Loaf's tendering of you,you muzzle muzzle..thee,all un..,Daisy..whose it at 1:30 in the night send him to jail straight away,um..but 'mam IT'S A Rand Tryrantrum who is saying rhyming with mental not practical referendum and asks us if that's enough for his identity saying anything else,all un..,..Master Brat,all un..)..so(all laugh..lot), aunty was in such a precarious situation just cause she thought of normalcy in life(all laugh..lot),Stashey boy was just oblivious but that wasn't at all normal it was just contemplation as to if he was needed at all or not(all laugh..lot)..Zed told her day one after this arrangement that the only thing to do about him out of normalcy is either to stay silent or to talk about the most abstract of philosophies that is if only you're embodying that anything else will be met with withholding his breathing as long as he can to calm his mind down by countering it as he doesn't know the straight path as it offers no engagement only relief(all un..),then aunty scoffed at him saying meaning you will introduce him to the curved ones cause you will be there yourself next month(all burst..),indeed mom but there i'll have to deal with attention to details rather than whether they will give me long term solutions or nit for short terms too many constraints are to be met mom how can that be not long thus putting attention to details as prescribed when they tell me i have to engage in devotional attachment i must put focus on both devotion and attachment impossible unless it's converted thus how can objects leave me mom how could they leave me to death where when i live i must be the same hence neither attachment nor devotion may be there thus how can i engage if i have to put attention to details now in discrete objects how can i be continuing my self to partake them if i have to detail them there itself against the same but for him these thoughts will be encapsulated by only one word that before you begin any path the end result is so ensuing thus countering observation of pursuing isn't it Stashey(all un..),now aunty said Stashey boy who was 3 months and may be 2 weeks old poked his tongue out which his bigger brat interpreted as thus you now have to talk i don't have to hence i to you being me is so engaging reflecting the counter of analysing saw(all un..,..Master Brat,all un..),so(all laugh..lot),aunty still complained ofcourse that his tongue is so serrated why(all un..,Violet..The Vulture Frontier,all un..),anyway(all burst..)..man aunty was 28 and half and had to deal with a brat through time absolute contemplating on whether to stay or go each moment(all laugh..lot)..and his compeers disturbed him in too much glee as he poked them by the possibilities which they told him and so on(all burst..)..this Zed said is the worst fool amongst them hence doesn't want to come to the straightened beings cause it requires him to entertain the unbinding thus pure intelligence itself as to him it only creates a mess within itself by being self revealed thus is the most refreshing but also thus to him denying itself from being The most Engulfing(all un..)..and all these combined the recombination he says as maddening that is you can't move at all So engrossing(all un..)..but still many always think atleast doesn't deem it like,
trying to trial verb look noun Phantom(all un..)/changing this form by silence look Holographic random(all un..)/countering thus this in simile just as this can it miss(all un..)/thus the shadow of being is just itself to amiss(all un..,..Master Brats)..man none knows how these master brats are living for 43 years now(all laugh..lot)..except ME cause they used MY LIFE to express themselves(all laugh..lot,..Let us all sing high that note/Dr Oak Oh Dr Oak)..no these master brats always scheme to ruin my life(all laugh..lot)..and Team Rocket's boss now says that look illusion is so dangerous for 43 years people are trying to confront the master brats without realising how they can and what is the method man these are Master Brats to start with what can you do about them(all un..),well also now people know the answer that is Oh my dear compeers..look at my professional integrity/i'm jackal of Sanity(all un..,Poppy and Mehadi..as I'm the ?? of Parity/the jackal Charity/i'm the Tracey of Verbosity,all un..,Tracey too un..)..anyway then aunty said i kept him in the kitchen and used to cook then sometimes saw him in closed eyes first time thought was sleeping went there picked him up but he suddenly woke up his facial expression scared me it was as if another person crudely looking at me with a nerve shattering grin so i called Zed he brushed me aside saying just hallucinations(all laugh..lot),so i kept an eye on him but then that expression changed to someone who was happy then a sadistic then compassionate person amd so on in matter of moments as if then finally it all calmed down so i went near him when he poked his tongue out and drew it back his face just giving you the external childish look which i avain asked Zed he said this is an opportunity mom we heard it you personally this is called 'enumeration : the revenue of unknown'(all un..),then aunty again said how can i manage this brat he said keep him in dark he was under light(all burst..)..so aunty said i did that next time once on call with Zed went to meet the brat he said put up a candle in front of him which i did then he was i found very happy to see me put his arms up as if to greet me Zed said this is called 'notification : the magic of honesty'(all un..)..here this darkness being undifferentiated to him notified him of another in light he being thee about you could never have been bothered(all un..),so aunty said i scoffed at Zed saying what are you actually doing these days in the name of practice(all burst..),he said nothing for me mom this brat isn't available to himself to start with what to speak of another he is only trying to get a grip of self generally he roams around it's meanings hence unlike now doesn't need to bother about being meaningful(all un..)..later aunty said i realized this brat if disturbed by anything regarding his self like then i was looking after him not his hence he was irritated cause he had to then be thus being left in darkness when i reached him he realised it's just me, countering the idea of thee(all un..)..well shadowy lantern never tolerated light or darkness anyway(all burst..)..man what sort of brats these are(all laugh..),anyway later when Stashey Boy could do more physical movements aunty said i understood i didn't need to be worried at all about anything mental cause this brat leaves on those as food then himself showed me sometimes a hand combat stance learnt ofcourse hands-on(all laugh..lot) that how if i'm me neither can he be me nor i only thee(all burst..),then i understood that indeed it's an opportunity to be me,countering(all laugh..lot)


Brock(laughing..) : "so amidst all this calamities we decide to go to the Marengo gym the whole 11 strong entourage (all laugh..lot),first up Dennis who ofcourse didn't say anything let all of us in then we get in and i'm told to watch over the two Gyaradoses this word itself sent both to 7th hell(all laugh..lot),then thus is the challenger centre their hubbies are left at the introduction centre Genkie goes to battle Sabrina there were no referees then only uncle and aunty did that who themselves weren't ok anyway so this time they were left ay the care of Daily Hologram(all laugh..lot) then the reservation was being inspected by Lastly Phantom whereas the mach was refereed by Shadowy Lantern and Simile Popcorn both at the field never needed any equipment(all laugh..lot)..but in the meantime Guzzle Humdrum imvaded Sabrina's personal spaces and was describing what Loaf and Toast were opining that on the personal spaces what they meant to Dennis who said i realized why eternal hell will be so petrified to entertain these two brats and they aren't even human(all un..)..anyway this is the record(all laugh..lot)..
..(Recording Stash and Mr Dennis Flemming at Marengo gym)..
Stash(thoughtful,talking with his Latias and Latios named Loaf and Toast) : "right the door isn't colourful compeers what does fiction mean(all un..).."
Loaf(interpreted by Stash to Mr Dennis) : "remembrances of topical hygiene(all un..)"
Toast : "thus just the illustrations compeer not the meaning of the imaging(all un..).."
Stash(thoughtful) :"then the door is locked compeers how to know from which side(all un..).."
Toast : "impossible unless a method is applied which no matter success or failure to be so will start with the exception of so after only contemplating otherwise(all un..)
Loaf : "direction compeer such a topological agony such a formulaic plight"(all un..)
Dennis(laughing) : man i wish poor Sabrina remains in her agony now you know with these sort of possibilities(all burst..)
Loaf : "readability indeed one(all un..) of analytically not realistically happy(all un..)
Toast : "countering formation the naming of categorical entropy(all un..).."
Dennis(laughing..) : "how are the lights working here compeers what does this design of shadows in particular mean(all burst..).."
Toast : "covalency of morphology and it's scheme(all un..)"
Loaf : "countering their reasoning inbuilt one(all un..) which is the sentinel one which is it's sustainable development the objective cream(all un..).."
Dennis(laughing..) : "well should we break the door compeers of should we get in anyway(all laugh..lot).."
Loaf : "i should be here compeers making sure to not be in my way(all un..).."
Toast : "thus it's an information rather the meaning of a door(all un..) informed one(all un..) hence if i want to get inside before my need i'll have to also entertain questions,the subject of objective rigours(all un..).."
Dennis(laughing..) : "so how do we know our desire in this case"
Toast : "by caring integrated one(all un..),by caring for for me the methodology of more(all un..)"
Loaf : "thus if i'm insufficient to my me will have to get bored being merely logical by means of attention on signicance of knowing thus now to be useful to understanding attention it will pour while being on it's path of recovery from condition to sentience through the sky of self looking for itself in modifiable casualty but to achieve it strangely through the noncompliance of the sky of self a pointer of not to consciousness the fear of logical thus being analogous rendition soar(all un..).."
Dennis(laughing..) : "indeed but we have to inspect hence we do need to get in how to deal with obligation in this situation and what it is and what it means(all laugh..lot)"
Loaf : "by moments of amortization not seclusion may obligation be fulfilled being the joy of allocation(all un..).."
Toast : "means interpretation of coalition between a measurement meter and it's situation situated one(all un..),that they are discrete but causal thus needs another to be with each other in a differentiation(all un..) 
Loaf&Toast(unison) : "meaning again a situation only compact one(all un..) situation,the reluctant of reaction(all un..)"
Dennis(laughing..) : yeah thank God these two doesn't have too much attention span this term(all laugh..lot).."
Stash(thoughtful) : "no they are too quick for emotions Mr Flemming hence now are discussing the benefits and drawbacks of insistence's mental rather than optimizable application(all un..)"
Dennis(laughing..) : "yeah God bless the winner the most(all burst..).."..
well about the complementing winner once just saw me and started crying which he never did directly,i was anyway angry(all laugh..lot,Tracey..why are you hitting your left hand sometimes,no it's anger Trace hence the right is only THAT FEELING,all un..,.. Leading Rock,all un..,shakes..).. atleast i didn't say like,it's the sides Brock you're already biased thus rather the anger should be there to be observed from being classed(all un..,..Dr jackal,all un..,Tracey shakes..)..anyhow(all laugh..lot)..so this time was even angrier hence made the seminal mistake of calling(laughing..) i don't know why and how Marc the Mr Litman(all un..)..man what sort of brats are always available for illustration of illusion too(all burst..),so called him and said what are you doing in these cases for Ms Elisa(all laugh..lot),no no the paragraphs of notions Mr Slate thus never conjoined by the tax of meanings unless only thoughts thus in actuality fetches only semantic relaxations(all un..,..Marc the Mr Litman,all un..)..so(all laugh..lot) then i deepening my mistake due to unholy company for 21 years by then called that brat Elisa herself(all laugh..lot),why are you not unhappy with their behaviours hum why so much bonhomie(all burst..),shut up you namecall!  unlike your namecall my Kuffi is conservative about modal logic not deductive about parameters in validation(all un..)..so(all laugh..lot)i've no idea why neither me nor Poppy flower nor Mehu flower realized that it was an absolute drama which the men being so beautiful ofcourse couldn't logically analyse thus sit on my head whole day whenever they can asking appraisal Doctor Slate us it the thing or our Insistence of them being so becomes the lie as you reprise(all un..)..anyhow(all laugh..lot) and yeah after this Johnny boy became happy i don't know why(all burst..),saying (laughing..),no Brock it's only mind's psychological percolation(all un..)..so somehow fled the madhouse(all laugh..lot)..the only one who should've been annoyed as usual was DaisyDevil it was aimed at her character exactly (all laugh..lot,..DaisyDevil,Daisy laughs..lot).."

141.

..(Yellowburst captivation,Daily Hologram is approached by Juritared Police)..
Police : "greetings Compeer but you may know now Mr Phantom is busy at our gym but with a strange flu and other difficulties we were asking if you could come to our city temporarily um..here we don't believe they will appreciate your presence as much as we would due to their um..relational difficulties in logistic perceptions(all un..).."
Hologram : "may be compeers but you must ask my compeers who told me to stay here free foo.."
Authority(scowl) : "get the f.. outta here you m..(all un..,..Daily Hologram,all un..)
Hologram : "indeed compeer but you see for you just a change of logistics of form(all un..)"
Juritared Police : "that's what we said compeer..so please Sirs change the form..just a song haven't you heard change the form(all un..).."
..(Hologram at Juritared)..
Police : "um..no no Mr Hologram this is the local commutation centre food is supplied water is here as pledged your compeer at the gym for 14 days and you have all the communications open compeer..flolks get the hell outta here..Goodbye(all un..)"
Hologram : "change the form daily change the form(all un..).."
..(Juritared through different communication channels)..
Hologram : "greetings compeers because 11 city circle doesn't have any official places as retreats for the ceaseless ones i may assume that i'm talking with compeers thus because i wasn't given the opportunity to say this before i must say now that if my assumption isn't true please consider by fervent apology from before(all laugh..lot)..
Caution tion tion tion tion tion change the form ego daily change the form(all un..)/that now you're looking at me but thus why not i object that it's just awareness's intellectual Hologram(all un..)/

142.

Kumaglak(disappointed) : "but um..not that only Mr Phantom it's that unlike all i'm not.."
Phantom : "ecstatic about reality indeed compeer indeed(all laugh..),you see when i was you i wanted to be with me but when i did manage to i only found thee isn't it rhyming with the self counter-This is It(all un..).. decision look determination Phantom(all un..,Daisy..Playboy Unbound,all un..)..besides that when i was in-between that i thought now i had but when i did i only found found myself on time sad,which countered my idea of action as it meant it was there preset hence later any object if gained i found have regained in me/the idea of isolation thus compeer tested always the sane in me(all un..)..that why don't I want to be alone..when you'll enter the forwarded path this time,you'll before that be thinking how can i be alone despite being hence not at all lone(all laugh..lot)..but this illusion will harrow me compeer that how to act without action how can i be but you see the device is same as the achievement or aim thus indeed the meaning of a thing must be self revealing agnostic to any thing yet waiting for i this sitting self here's got be something wrong in the sanity of me(all un..)..then you may be compassionate the deaths and happinesses may pacify or excite you but that's only you compeer the me will ask i how to get the best satisfaction for you but that's the self only without which there's no meaning in action meaning the action isn't meaningful any more to fetch you the goal neither is it that the goal is so nor is the action but the attaching self is no more yet when it was there it always thought from these two i'll churn out more thus being detached to self attached to the meaning i could only implore that may i be used may i be the ALL but the argument was only how to be more..thus indeed this idea of duality unless illusion of the real is there no thing can be so then but illusion can't be real to start with thus about always the presence of another i there's got to be something wrong in the sane of me(all un..)..thus stopping by or stopping never will be the same unto my going back and never returning will be just a way for action to greet it's fruits by hallo but the speculator will say hi(all un..) thus there's something fishy going on around being i or thee.. that's the whole of illusion compeer if meant by self counters that why aren't you just me(all un..)..but this only puts forth the lament of soul/never possible if it meant nothing but including that becomes a goal 
/thus in the myriads of experiences and knowledge of them in wisdom/will be futile unto the shadow of i unless i can be deemed the meaning of being finally the Real Phantom(all un..)..countering meanings compeer as only what's known can never be me thus knowing so i will still be but being or not being this time no matter what i know in action or in it's meaning i'll remain their devoid of self compeer that's all of the illusion the Reality of Phantom(all un..)..thus again rather that trepidation of void or the escape of fullness this will be the most ensuing just cause it's the self of purity in abstraction in objectification the universal Phantom..hence the meaning rather is that i'm not lone no matter if i'm or not it only is a pointer to itself for it's own attention as i see without action i'll have to be my self the Phantom(all un..)..thus no solution is reached through the meaning of this and that thus it's not useful to pursue it meaning till self is revealed as devoid of me i'll have to remain the Phantom(all un..)..any confusions over practical referendum(all un..)"
Kumaglak(bit thoughtful) : "um..ok but then any forms of practices(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "execution Phantom(all un..)..any questions as to if you can still practice them(all un..)"
Kumaglak(very happy) : "then i can't miss can i no matter where or what i'm..(laughing..)..given the meaning of deduction bring uncovering the Phantom(all un..)..and then again Phantom only means a counter itself on this information(all un..)..hence rather anywhere there's this practice of meaning of solution being withdrawn from duality the illusion of real will only mean the implausibility of duality as much as reality thus in-between that the logic will calm down thus the desire for and of Phantom,countering(all un..)"
Phantom : "thus anything if so means a causal note of references to logical intelligence, rationality the Phantom(all un..)..hence it's about what is the meaning in terms of integrity not plausibility also is facilitated in the self thus never you but i to me will have to remain the Phantom(all un..)..hence the meaning all these combined will be only one of the two meaning the ensue of the elusive reality playing with me the Phantom(all un..)..thus being situated there against it the duality will be only me and reality compeer the meaning is only the objective of the algorithm not it's outcome on how to be the Phantom(all un..)..thus it's termination point will always be the meaning of itself hence destination and states are only available to discretization of i and self the continuity of the logic being the Phantom(all un..)..thus as nothing is reached through the process of medicine to desire why not i be desirous but of the meaning to be satisfied the most as afterall if it fails only will i be satiated cause the object of my is to say hallow to me for the more and more thus why to say hi to me thus leaving thee to existence the conscious Phantom(all un..)..thus in gross it's necessary to be minute for i and no more the rest isn't going to be stopped compeers that's not in my hand but me the self who if minute will have to bid goodbye to itself cause that's impossible unless there's difference between objective and goal cause it introduces a chain of to be without giving the answer cause it cannot be itself then..thus for me to be so i will have to be you you the Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(very happy) : "thanks bro this is so.. wonderfu.."
Phantom : "ul,ful wonderful,rhyming with beautiful compeer but you know how then can i be not you it cannot be this if it leave you to me the Phantom(all un..)..thus path and perfection change the form from being to me change the form(all un..)/that ceased is i oh me destination Phantom(all un..)/when i will fall back or return  the path now is Phantom(all un..)/thus duality now tell my soul you can't be but me as I Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(happy) : "surely bro i now will know definitely what to do..thanks"
Phantom : "existence ever deludes compeer some more some less never one though as to be so others it cannot press.. reality Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(smile) : "um..yeah that's like fighting for just that the Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "PHAMPY!(all un..)..the ground of reality the dual sky now you Phantom(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "yeah i understand the things to do tomorrow as well that is talk with Sir and continue my different interests this time rather towards not away from dejection the Phantom(all burst..).."
Phantom : "of appreciation(all un..)"
.....
(Yumn at Oak Labs)
.....
Yumn(curious) : "um..excuse me Sir can i ask you something.."
Igor(thoughtful) : "the most ensuing compeer answer yourself(all un..).."
Yumn(bit concerned) : "um..no i wanted to join here as a worker(all laugh..lot).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "what would you work upon compeer food and shelter for the unfamiliar is indeed a trouble that is intelligible rest isn't available at all only imaginable hence it's not clear as to this vigilance over action not it's significance(all laugh..lot)"
Yumn(bit excited) : "um..yeah i've only one sem left but i can start right out so was thinking to be here cause not yet ready to be alone(all laugh..lot).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "indeed compeer that is comprehensive enough.."
Yumn(excited) : "um..sorry to interrupt you Sir but um..why are you allowed to answer more than twice to random strangers not of your physical form unlike Mr Paseras whom i met just after i entered are you Charlie Doldrum or are you Jubilee Hands-On(all un..,..Mr Vaccine Lite,all un..,..Choiced Brats,all un..).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "no i'm none of them you see compeer but existentially your particular situation in tangibles unto you countering your ideas of what's palpable(all un..) is something that i became familiar with when i was much younger due to it's comprehension impossible psychologically(all un..) thus when i was told to understand my form way before this phenomenon i was told that i was i was afraid compeer that now what this question answered me thus you've acknowledging your capabilities to understand have given the answer to what exactly is what(all un..),but it wasn't at all logically true as you see cause when i found my self all i wanted to ask was why aren't you just me(all un..) but it was by the illusion of existence after me on the same version of actuality a being came up of your form and asked me the same but by means of giggling adding tell me 3 times compeers hence i had to answer 4 and was going away when i found this being following me but in opposite direction in front(all un..) askimg why would you not listen to what's more since then we never found any reason to not differ being me(all un..).."
Yumn(excited) : "i see are both you and your sia trainers like i want to be(all laugh..lot) but(a bit thoughtful)..un..i feel the same everywhere except in one case where it irritated me always that why was he HE(all un..)"
Igor(thoughtful) : "yeah it is importance : the twist of me(all un..)"
Yumn(very excited) : "um..yeah but he also Mr Phantom a 3 days back on the night just after the semester ended same semester for 2.5 years now but we really want to be under the tutelage of this factory what should we do(all burst..).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "well for the answer of this you may return with him and/or contact Mr Dwight Galrau and Mrs Iduna Galrau who has been doing a joint thesis on NOW how to be(all un..)..for further informations you may ask the desk situated just after this turn to the left never right cause after help is what is expected never before what is right(all un..)"
Yumn(very happy) : "yes!that's the analysis of 'knowledge : the reservation of foresight'(all un..) this one gives one direction to the word reservation(all un..)"
Igor(thoughtful) : "ethically or practically(all un..)"
Yumn(very excited) : "phenomenally cause(all un..)..it cannot be ethical unless it was told never before it was agnostic to degrees(all un..) and if was practical it would've been said what is applied for not expected thus this is phenomenal cause it only gave a direction to what might be the meaning of might-the effect of what is to decide(all un..).."
Igor(happy) : "indeed compeer indeed when thus you return with your loneliness(all un..) you should jointly recall this one,Hallo..hush Mr Ms or Mrs have you had the logical stroke(all un..)/that now you think you can think im terms of reality thus actually you should've eschewed personality thus just Dr Oak(all un..,..The Factory of Strawberry Facepalm,all un..,Gary shakes..).."
..(Yellowburst government HQ day after Phantom was seen at Juritared)..
admin head(in a meeting) : "hallow compeers any urgencies given the expectations from your faces.."
An officer(very grave) : "just this recording Sir recorded last night"
admin head(scowl) : "our borders are closed like Cerulean from the same day whose the scoundrel to breech the orders(all un..)"
The officer(grave) : "the technology Sir couldn't confirm a decision should've used less amount Cerulean has beaten us again Sir this time using Human(all un..,..NO!IT'S INHUMAN!,all un..,Tracey too un..).."
..(Recording)..
Technical Authentication : "your identity Card please"
Hologram(thumping..) : "AMPHAROS!(all un..)..
technical cal cal cal cal change the form axiom daily change the form(all un..)/that so far you have only the necessary necessity  Hologram(all un..)/solution tion tion tion change the form domains daily change the form(all un..)/that ranges are present why be adjusted to restrictions of Hologram(all un..)..
Technical Authentication : "sorry but i didn't receive any response from you(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram (thumping..) : "MINUM(all un..)!..rules schools random tools change the form daily change the form(all un..)/that looking to solve a thing why resolve to determination of self to me ever Hologram(all un..).."
Technical Authentication : "sorry but i didn't receive any authentication from you(all laugh..lot).."
Hologram : indeed resolved one(all un..)..once i thought ok here i'm on the dock of life alas the rock of space on which i stood asked me but just now you recovered me compeer from your feeling of hype..Pewter Hail B-Rock!Brother  YOU Only feel the Other the feelings now Rock(all un..,..Dashing Rock,all un..,Brock slaps..)..
Technical authentication : "sorry but i didn't figure out you or your need you now have to report to authorities(all un..).."
Hologram : "countering compeer but why would you mention how(all un..)"
..(Guards come)..
Guard(head,frown) : "so finally Mr Ra.."
Hologram : correction change the form a Daily Hologram(all un..).."
Guard(head,angry) : "why are you not at Cerulean hum(all un..)"
Hologram : "correction change the form the Flowers born out of peaceful water wants to grasp all can't do because of being born categories of emotional norms being from flowered or logically nimble forms thus creates the fire for them of intelligible never analyzable situations(all un..,..WaterFire,all the Waterflower Sisters un..)..thus it's impossible to do anything there in terms of characteristics,emotions,differentiations, meticulousness or intellectuality(all un..,..WaterFire,all the Waterflower Sisters un..)..we know a few of them namely Viol flower and most importantly mind the name Lillie flower(all laugh..lot,..Lillie flower,Gary and Lillie laugh..lot)..and the eldest one we know is a bit different to the 4 subsequent versions compeer what would you do in a place where you work should have a character that's a devil isn't it no matter the active beginning or the ending potential of days(all un..,..DaisyDevil,Daisy un..)..the latest two versions as our reports say are completely devoid of intelligence only incision in the elder one obsession in the latest rhymes doesn't it with ensuing the greatest(all un..,..Sensational Sinisters,all the Waterflower Sisters un..)..thus no it's redundant there rather but here the cities will serve our purposes except this being Simile Popcorn(all laugh..lot),this being is normalising


admin head(angry) : "i don't want to hear anything i'm not letting anyone loiter around my location unaunthenticated it's because the targets are all the cities which doesn't have a well structured gym RHYMING WITH PING(all un..)..you all will chalk out how to figure out your freedom of expression and speech i'll enforce curfew in my location by the time i reach home i'm out i'm out of REACH just cause it rhymes(all un..).."
..(Yellowburst city has been put under curfew for some unknown reason abruptly)..
Police(head,agitated) : "what do you mean unless we work alone government cannot function (all un..).."
government(official) : "correction Sir change the form we can't do it daily yearly the hologram cheers(all un..,Violet..Sanity...Sanity..running down my veins,all un..,Daisy..thus I don't ask oh me for mental only rational help,all un..)..

143.

Doctor(Head,frown) : "what will we tell them when they wake up again and wants entertainment for a change from optimism(all un..)
Phantom : "They must be asked are you sure compeers are you sure to be so countering what to know so what you must forgo(all un..)..cause(all un..) at the college of infection told me a barbar association rusticated Ludicolo(all un..) that grass of thoughts being prime in mind it forgets to add itself in it's psychology of being personally hollow(all un..)..examination Phantom(all un..)..any criticism of recurrence not entertained as lack of patience(all un..,Daisy..Lastly a Playboy Unbound,all un..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "that we have to ask ourselves Mr Phantom to us shouldn't we(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "in complement to- disambiguate the same-to the release of we indeed(all un..)..any lexical inconsistencies(all un..)"
Doctor(head,angry) : "syntactical surely you can differentiate the two(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "KOMALA!(all un..).."
Doctor(head,angry) : "owners association is to who you're answering(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "CHANEDLURE!(all un..)..(in an announcement recorded)..
Syntactical intelligence is in the lexicon of me(all un..)/lexicon though is embedded in being thee(all un..)/thus disambiguation of mean by means of being true(all un..)..is just the attempt to be correct in respect to being who(all un..)..when this who is questioned look i answer isn't you(all un..)..thus ego and self with me as referee play peek-a peek-a-boo(all un..)..any sense of revenge hidden by means of detachment(all un..)..destination ask the traveler where are you space says look at your occupied space the Phantom(all un..)/thus detailing me with I consciousness thy Oh phantom(all un..)/to be to be to be..being look Phantom(all un..)/thus before my fear i do hear you oh my dear Phantom(all un..)..hence to be to be to be..seeing me through my Phantom(all un..)/hence hailing hailing I you stay aside i'm Phantom(all un..)/out in existence being asks to you being me can to confirm(all un..)/thus being me,thy or i is too random oh self now you by ego search i the Phantom(all un..).. any objection on the relevance of Phantom and this logic to universally accepted state of arts on the same by definition(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and this will be broadcasted as a civilized means to give an urgent notice on public health(all un..).."
Phantom : "countering the notice reflecting the urge but why would you ask decision of I oh Me Phantom(all un..)
Doctor(head,scowl) : "yeah i'll see how you escape the mob(all laugh..lot)..now eat these up we can't allow you to roam around(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "to space a solution too sound(all un..)..let me see if i don't understand that i'm eating can i still not be(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "what are you looking at(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "the mood compeer memory serves this body subject to needs but who requires is not me who requires thus can't be thee thus desire indeed compeer is the shadow of the real Phantom(all un..),being not subject to duality in illusion only seem random(all un..) thus when touched becomes that losing the self to me alone being i my travels across my ego to me the Phantom(all un..) thus vigilance over meaning of attention gives it's meaning countering the essence the lexical reality of me to i the Phantom(all un..)..hence each moment of spontaneity is to be not escaped the transcendental duality tell me the illusion how can i be true like.. welcome Phantom(all un..)..any reflection of intelligence reflexively treated as meaning of it's counter(all un..) countering the meaning of treatment(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i don't believe in you Mr Phantom cause i don't understand why you seem so happy despite knowing yourself to be so countering(all un..).."
Phantom : "the metaphorical murmuring(all un..)..meaning of what means what is what Phantom(all un..,.. Poisoned Grass,all un..)..any confusion as to the object me or subject i which is in which order phantom if not the order itself compeer duality look really the Phantom(all un..)"
Doctor(head,scowl) : "then from here agin you'll counter and reflect combine and recombine thus won't admit that you can get out of this by admition of the same as that you're obsessed to deem as Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom : "the most INTRIGUING rhyming with mean compeer isn't it rhyming with it(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see but why are you so hellbent to make your gang countably large enough(all laugh..lot,..OY,all un..).."
Phantom : "twinkle twinkle little far/how i wonder what you are(all un..)/till i go there to find you/you will say the same that how to be you(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "yeah i'll keep an eye on your activities Ash where this language will end up in common parlance(all un..,Daisy..Lastly Ghastly Phantom Plays As Boy,all un..).."
Phantom : "per patient the persistence(all un..,..Dr jackal,all un..,Tracey too un..)..any semantic inconsistencies(all un..)"
Doctor(head,scowl) : "countering isn't it Ash this scheme Hands-On(all un..).."
Phantom : "hence the countering corresponding services redeemed compeer isn't it Lastly A Ghastly Phantom(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see then you must know what to do with the inspections of this flu this is the city administration centre on healthcare and i'm the chief here so why don't you come to see that section after you finish your meal(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "i could do it now compeers with the meal(all laugh..lot) i would've left it foe them had there been the proper people that is any except this BEING across continuity by the name Shadowy Lantern compeer this one seems to be obsessed with robust foundations not decisional conversations(all burst..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and the being has accused you of the exact opposite listen to this(all laugh..lot)..
..(Recording Shadowy Lantern with Rimsable Police)..
Lantern : "left there by himself for a reason compeers that in the mind of this being revolves this idea should i be or should i hear,countering ontology,execution's collaborative sphere,essential fools(all un..)".."
Phantom : "ofcourse this will be said compeer cause if it was this being then it would've been would i consider or would i bear, reflecting metaphysics,against analogy sentience's fiscal scare,phenomenal tools(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and thus ofcourse there will be a counter to this(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "inflecting the idea of me the Phantom,the Shadow of intuition in the conscious Lantern but why would you ask(all un.,..Master Brats,all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see so this Lantern is the Public enemy for both you and Humdrum but not to Hologram and Popcorn who have similar relations among them and thus the 5 of you have decided to pollute sanity(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "to clarify it's self proclaimed independence in charity why(all un..)..besides this Lantern and this Humdrum they aren't at loggerheads like me and Lantern and Hologram and Popcorn this is needed compeer for us just to be the MOST ENGROSSING(all un..)..hence we come in 4 versions(all burst..) but this Humdrum doesn't compeer it's a supplement of defaulting comprehension(all un..)..hence especially with Lantern this one misfits the most cause among us this one is the most ensuing in terms of rationality's logistic prescription(all un..)..hence is found only around confusions but this Humdrum sells things from there to ensue where we live hence each time has to answer this Lantern before that being needa those things ownself but asks questions just to confirm that the being is so ofcourse thus both this being refuse to let go which understanding irritates this Humdrum cause being raised as a counter he can't afford to know, countering isn't it rhyming with this(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see what about your disciples(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "they are points of notations thus incomplete without involutions hence are clinically darkened not just as so thus hence as countering isn't it rhyming with is that this(all un..,..THE Clinically Darkened,all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and what of the what are those two called who forgot to add the clause of witnesses in their marriage agreement(all un..,..THE FEATHERED ONES,all un..).."
Phantom : "the feathered ones compeers,inspective freedom in logical delicacy,the un conflicted twist of experiential subtlety(all un..)..in general it's always conflicted any idea or existence conflict between ego and self but in this case they rather help each other thus it's bot conflicted hence only a being in conflict with a thing thus the twist of consciousness not though void but through cling countering with itself isn't in rhyming with fulfilment of conflict in combinations the recombining logic(all un..,.. CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "and thus you're torturing other little kids for 9 years continuous now(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "they are kids of time compeer you'll know best infinity can only be reached not lived at in fractions in relationship only amalgamation(all burst..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "yeah i can thoroughly understand the fun you're having Mr Phantom being indeed(all laugh..lot)
Phantom : "hence only this grammatical scheme is so insufficient compeers in thoughts or in their MEANINGS never in rhymes..MADDENING(all un..).."
Doctor(head,angry) : "yeah i'll see how you avoid the JUSTICE(all un..).."
Phantom : "Oh hire hire insinuation(all un..)/that this is it lets have a discussion(all un..)..this is what we were told 4/5 months back compeers cause we were lodged in Yellowburst Prison with those so convinced that they were so,countering(all un..) they told us this and that then finally had to agree that they need to be more professional in terms of integrity to their conviction indeed the meaning(all laugh..lot)..as would thus the Police too compeers no matter the justice they won't be hands-on anyway thus the Police compeer..the Police..shh.. duality yet only in honest concentration of moral nourish..shh..THE MOST SUBJECTING(all un..)..i remember once a Pichu told me always me significant compeer not definite you know why try to overcome when you can do so after for it starving or failing or failing to do this all or even succeeding in circles..aituations compeer that being said..shh..THE MOST SATIATING, countering though rhyming with the tense of just the presence-ing(all un..)..hence i further was told by the being that be present that's ok it's indescribable and blissful if only pure thus loses it's own sentience to i not me but don't be any of these at all if it's not the Most Intriguing(all un..)..hence i thought ok because the forth will be ceased beyond limitations why not observe the limits ever will be the most engulfing(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus only the words we heard of the opportunity that you can only be taken for granted anything else will be met with assurance(all un..).."
Phantom : "capacitance(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "what about the social activities(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "loneliness of rationality's physical chemistry(all un..)..i'm alone compeer without you thus being me never lone hence that's for the sake of discretization of events compeers to be alone but before that the self needs to be independent thus lone(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus this is the way you offer service by roaming around waiting to be logically crossed(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "premonition's technical moss(all un..)..that they take us being us compeer all we do is to look for leftovers and isolation for excretion to them it creates this mention of prerogative of conscious hush(all un..)..that this isn't real at all why aren't they among us that a counter to start with compeer me i or you being unlike desire can't be down the sacrificial fire of attention flushed(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that means you are roaming around unlike the forth anywhere just to be countering(all un..)
Phantom : "impossible compeer we have many desires but all only so cause the fulfillment in action more than fruit or the process is creatively the most construing(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see but what about the owner of your factory what sort of nonsense is professional life as a person not personnel(all un..).."
Phantom : "generalized revenge through meaning of any specific claim(all un..)..thus it's only a mural compeer the canvas is the prudence of personal frame,countering ego conception's selfless fame that it's famous only to itself not outside thus through professionalism it's only metaphysical optimization playing a personalized game(all un..)..it's an unit thus compeer meaning being so they can't be-as these- claimed only reframed,countering illusion : morality's revolution against over honesty the ethical reign(all un..,..The Professional Ones,all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that is they have to fulfil all separately and then in the myriads of combination in degrees all just to be them(all un..)"
Phantom : "indeed as despite being another to be they using a verb thus being again can only proclaim(all burst..)..but if they didn't being left as so themselves unable to be satisfy they would've blamed you know illusion is strange compeers why would i be me or thee if if really it's only a dual game..countering the outcome being really reflecting only the devotion of the claim(all un..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "thus 6 months back you helped in that underage runaway case(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "we didn't understand it compeer and i still don't now that if you want to run how can you escape space(all laugh..lot)..they wanted to be dual despite the ontological analysis telling them the lack of necessity their necessary to be the validation of it practicability their intelligibility claimed countering the idea that indeed they could be true to them thus they tried to counter themselves compeers by being me yet surrender I as them..the most INSTIGATING.. description Phantom(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that it was upto them to deal with it the existence birth and death you only made them aware of certain ideas as reference as were you HANDS-ON(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "well they wanted to be dual despite understanding the futility of it hence the corresponding services of psychology introduced them to phenomenal pains we only told them that there also they will have to be thus them(all laugh..lot)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus you spoil everything that you can sniff being different to you(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "indeed else even in bliss we'll have to say look me i'm happy now tell me among the myriads of experiences whose indeed whose countering, complementing and so on in general the provable beau(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "hence only they showed much commitment else it would've been impossible to dispose their selves as in this scheme apart from that you can never be true countering the idea of beau isn't it(all un..).."
Phantom : "yeah the most parametric why(all un..).."
..(Juritared Civil Society at the Police HQ)..
Demonstrator head(frown) : "all we want to know is why is this piece doing too many round,'caution!the Phantom of Inspection!'(all un..)"
Police(head) : "look we know we can't debar people from walking the streets..(all laugh..lot)"
Head(frown) : "but not at hospitals why is this insinuating things about some strange diseases PHYSICALLY for a change(all un..)"
Police(head) : "look we're looking into this..(all laugh..lot).."
Head(frown) : "recently there have been a piece,'approach : the phantom of application'(all un..)..since that why are there NO cases of mugging and other crimes at night unlike the day here unlike the other 4 cities(all un..)"
Police(head) : "no the surveillance at night leaves..um..no ensures(all un..)"
Head(frown) : "what is it are you hiding Mr Vombad where's Mr Ash Ketchum(all un..,Daisy..Lastly Ghastly Phantom Called in to Play Boy,all un..).."
Mr Vombad(concerned) : "look we all know(all laugh..lot)"
Head(frown) : "why are there rumours that a certain type of linguistic ambiguity is being propounded(all un..).."
Mr Vombad(straight) : "please Sir we'll discuss this after a week please(all laugh..lot).."
Head(frown) : "fare enough but there will be a demonstration tomorrow at () location be prepared for that too(all laugh..lot).."
Mr Vombad(concerned) : "sir please we beg of you we have many things to look into ple..(all laugh..lot)"
Head(frown) : "that i and we understand Mr Vombad but tomorrow we'll get the answer in public(all laugh..lot).."
Mr Vombad(straight) : "fare enough but the Juritared Administration head herself will address you tomorrow morning(all laugh..lot).."
Head(frown) : "we know what she'll say Mr Vombad that's why we're here she told us the Police only can solve this problem we only empowered then to allow them to make the most of this opportunity and share the same with us what does it mean(all un..)"
Mr Vombad(angry) : "i'm telling you what it means Cholly connect him to my little brat(all laugh..lot)"
..(Mr Vombad's son Ismael is contacted)..
Ismael(frown) : "why are you disturbing me at the cusp of night dad you know the trifling day reveals itself only to be the meaning of silence if wanted(all un..)"
Head(a bit concerned) : "um..no young man(all laugh..lot),i'm.."
Ismael(a bit excited) : "no no Sir please not that i was to do this just about each time i'll sense i'm i'll have to say..
I'm am am i'm change the form ego change the form(all un..)/that now you're asking me to become something but to me the next question Phantom(all un..)..
isn't this effective uncle(all un..).."
Head(concerned) : "um..yeah may be young man(all laugh..lot),but "

144.

Clemont(laughing..) : "well about the Kalos journey each moment is unforgivable rather(all laugh..lot)..this time i was Niji,Lixue grasped Bon,Raki intruded Serrie's sanity and Ashey boy with Genkie was with Lillie flower and Poppy flower both thoroughly unstable then cause both their hubbies to certain varying degrees were trying to stage a drama at the cost of themselves(all laugh..lot)..and yeah Kuzu and Seth were with Stashey boy to deepen it too(all laugh..lot)..anyway we were going me and Niji through Krybaswal Plainlands(all laugh..lot)..this was to introduce me to Yveltals and Tornaduses(all laugh..lot) anyway after some treks i felt a bit too much strain in my head from laughing(all laugh..lot),so i said hey why don't we take a bit of rest,the reply is(laughing..),instigation's mathematical test(all un..),so i understood unless i whin she will not treat me as 2 rather 3(all laugh..lot),so after sometimes i feign an injury i said no i want to hear a few stories,fare enough sit down then ofcourse fed me while(laughing..) patting my head(all burst..),anyway then i was irritated enough so said hos many times have you been through such experiences and such geographies hum why still so much bonhomie(all laugh..lot),so then says, throughout diction compeer of philosophical insinuation(all un..)..the rest is this(all laugh..lot)"
..(Recording,Nirja and Clemont at Kalos)..
Nirja(thoughtful) : "you know Clem at present i'm infact going through this place in search of something as you know now we're not(all un..),and now i'm frightened by moving clouds and falling leaves i'm recalling how great i was when i was younger in my mom's lap as dad brought me many things but suddenly the fear is telling me and then i could always being motivated by whim throw them off the sentimental cliffs but they out of affection thought that is was the loving whip(all laugh..lot),so i now am also being pursued by memory you see all just to know why aren't you me(all un..),but having known you as thee it's impossible to do so unless you're known to be known compeer hence phenomenon hallow never hi desire only asks if that's it or is it just me,countering logical yet parity(all un..).."
Clemont(smile..) : "sis how long do you know yourself(all burst..,Nirja..Choiced Brats,Clemont un..)"
Nirja(thoughtful) : "since i knew something Clem,hence couldn't ever be me(all un..) since then i won't ask questions thus Clem only confusions how couldn't it be,countering being what it can see(all un..)"
Clemont(thoughtful) : "yeah but if you have to ask of morality you can't be confused in case of honesty it's solvable for ethics it's optimizable(all un..)"
Nirja(thoughtful) : "in case of morality is questionable always Clem as you infer yourself thus the only thing to do is to see the illusion of relationship bewteen the two real entities-the confusion itself but now being asked of as another real entity it becomes with all else affable(all un..)..thus are these shadows Clem of knowledge illumined never by the light alone of inference but the darkness of intellegence giving the glimmer of appreciation that it's never lone(all un..).."
Clemont(thoughtful) : "yeah but when you were at Rimsable what were you doing as part of society against yourself(all laugh..lot).."
Nirja(thoughtful) : "finding if my rather than i had a continuity(all un..)..else they were roaming around the streets Clem eating garbage may be allegedly were disturbing pokemons none were out of control only required more effort being exhorted since before birth strangely why would i help another without the consent Clem why(all un..)..unless i knew consent was my countering my intellegence-hallow never hi(all un..),thus the technical circles said they are breaching public trust philosophical ones said they are polluting philosophy different organisations said they are instigating revolution the workers said the employers were veiling a financial windfall as mere management evolution(all un..) from caring to sharing the sociologists said how now fan there be motivational rendition(all un..)..at different places people said in the past these were there some said in future they will be here some said we're trying and don't know many things what is what but all in the middle i saw that they took the opportunity of being constant in practice of meaning not in vigil(all un..)..they never did or will do many things Clem some said make them deaf and dumb blind and decapitated other severely reprimanded them saying they've taken the opportunity of beginingless cosmology having began to start with ego rather than self an existential rather than consciousness precedence(all un..) in the meantime i saw them rather than understanding only perceiving Clem thus rather just as taught by their actuation as a validation required being were most logically turning the lexicon Clem the proper process to know rather than understanding what were being just said(all un..,David..ATTENTION!THE MEANING!,all un..Melody..Caution!Master Brats!,all un..)..thus you understand when i was hellbent to find a meaning in being me they were so content to just be thee,countering me(all un..)..then all said they can be anything some said can't while i saw them taking the streets Clem just cause they knew the meaning of action being difference is all what to validate themselves they want(all un..),then eventually all were so aghast just cause they were but i saw that out of disturbance when they approached them they being driven by fear of no more being only asked if those who pursued them knew what is exactly what(all un..),then they gave their most infatuated followers these opportunities to this and that but when these were happing i saw they were waiting for all to access those else who doesn't follow them they will now to reason themselves as different have to want(all un..),then there were a few who opposed them or helped them or showed them compassion psychophysically but all i saw them doing Clem was that they were roaming around opportunities agnostic to result only to understand the causality methodically(all un..)..then some said they are saviours or destroyers or neutralizer of us but i only saw them asking all those why won't now being logical for more rigour to consolidate in dynamism will only elastically pass(all un..),then they finally accused their predecessors namely mundane ideas of motivation and dedication whereas all they were already saying was that they are only then when they become agnostic to themselves thus rather Hands-On(all un..)..thus having reached no solution they debarred all of them from everything but all the while all they were doing was to ask being different to them if they were happy(all un..,May..de di de di desire/dark is now look aspire,all un..,May..concentrate on it's relevant meaning and the order of it's proper application/but before that halt to look at this desire..the real prescription,all un..,May..any convolutional deficiencies,all un..)"
Clemont(thoughtful) : "um..yeah but Rimsable was when you were 11 and half what was happening 10 years prior(all burst..).."
Nirja(thoughtful) : "well then we were growing up psychologically this term but their routine was that we could sleep for 4 hours if we didn't wake up we had to keep sleeping(all burst..) if we missed a bell we had to value the meaning more than the activity(all un..) and those bells weren't physical at all cause thet would've meant actuality what we wanted was reliability(all un..)..then we still were free to pull out of this regime and do other things but unlike those this was reverberating Clem those were rather diagonalizing(all un..)..then hunger,desire,fear,elation,physicality,psychology,comparison,compassion,enchantment,attainment,confusion,devotion,solution,satiation,enjoyment,revelation and all else came up then also with them came up their management processes but this while all said were needed and those who went forward heeded then brushed aside to see how was is needed we couldn't do either Clem cause in lexicon we saw selection isn't possible only choice unless the objects are seeded(all un..)..hence the forwarded when we were taken to them had a great time but told us why are you needed we said we don't understand this respected ones we shouldn't have been found in the same plane as you they said it's an opportunity thus but sadly not for you(all un..)..but those who were aimed by this statement thought they could extract something from us Clam i was with them too i approached them with a question of necessary but i found they answered in terms of necessity then said to reflect knowledge why can't your understanding counter them(all un..),then i saw other people went to them with a myriads or aims but while they expected something i saw that all they got were in synchronization with lexicon that being them all they got were themselves if they wanted to claim(all un..)..
Lazy Lazy..Retire(all un..)/Trendy Trendy..Aspire(all un..)/Shady Shady..Quagmire (all un..)/Ready Ready..Campfire(all un..)"
Clemont(thoughtful) : "yeah definitely emotion is only the concept of aspect rather than oriented awareness(all un..)..but sometimes i had to express dissent or gratitude or other feelings sis how would you do those in the work of earning the physical living(all laugh..lot)"
Nirja(thoughtful) : "well one may say i beg to differ or convey my congratulations or thoughts and so on but it only means a disjunct personal life which is a lie of despite(all un..),so it could be properly distributed if said,
Oh Doctor Doctor dissent or recent(all un..)/oh my young doctor tells me how feels if pleasant(all un..)

145.

Kumaglak(disappointed) : "but um..not that only Mr Phantom it's that unlike all i'm not.."
Phantom : "ecstatic about reality indeed compeer indeed(all laugh..),you see when i was you i wanted to be with me but when i did manage to i only found thee isn't it rhyming with the self counter-This is It(all un..).. decision look determination Phantom(all un..,Daisy..Playboy Unbound,all un..)..besides that when i was in-between that i thought now i had but when i did i only found found myself on time sad,which countered my idea of action as it meant it was there preset hence later any object if gained i found have regained in me/the idea of isolation thus compeer tested always the sane in me(all un..)..that why don't I want to be alone..when you'll enter the forwarded path this time,you'll before that be thinking how can i be alone despite being hence not at all lone(all laugh..lot)..but this illusion will harrow me compeer that how to act without action how can i be but you see the device is same as the achievement or aim thus indeed the meaning of a thing must be self revealing agnostic to any thing yet waiting for i this sitting self here's got be something wrong in the sanity of me(all un..)..then you may be compassionate the deaths and happinesses may pacify or excite you but that's only you compeer the me will ask i how to get the best satisfaction for you but that's the self only without which there's no meaning in action meaning the action isn't meaningful any more to fetch you the goal neither is it that the goal is so nor is the action but the attaching self is no more yet when it was there it always thought from these two i'll churn out more thus being detached to self attached to the meaning i could only implore that may i be used may i be the ALL but the argument was only how to be more..thus indeed this idea of duality unless illusion of the real is there no thing can be so then but illusion can't be real to start with thus about always the presence of another i there's got to be something wrong in the sane of me(all un..)..thus stopping by or stopping never will be the same unto my going back and never returning will be just a way for action to greet it's fruits by hallo but the speculator will say hi(all un..) thus there's something fishy going on around being i or thee.. that's the whole of illusion compeer if meant by self counters that why aren't you just me(all un..)..but this only puts forth the lament of soul/never possible if it meant nothing but including that becomes a goal 
/thus in the myriads of experiences and knowledge of them in wisdom/will be futile unto the shadow of i unless i can be deemed the meaning of being finally the Real Phantom(all un..)..countering meanings compeer as only what's known can never be me thus knowing so i will still be but being or not being this time no matter what i know in action or in it's meaning i'll remain their devoid of self compeer that's all of the illusion the Reality of Phantom(all un..)..thus again rather that trepidation of void or the escape of fullness this will be the most ensuing just cause it's the self of purity in abstraction in objectification the universal Phantom..hence the meaning rather is that i'm not lone no matter if i'm or not it only is a pointer to itself for it's own attention as i see without action i'll have to be my self the Phantom(all un..)..thus no solution is reached through the meaning of this and that thus it's not useful to pursue it meaning till self is revealed as devoid of me i'll have to remain the Phantom(all un..)..any confusions over practical referendum(all un..)"
Kumaglak(bit thoughtful) : "um..ok but then any forms of practices(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "execution Phantom(all un..)..any questions as to if you can still practice them(all un..)"
Kumaglak(very happy) : "then i can't miss can i no matter where or what i'm..(laughing..)..given the meaning of deduction bring uncovering the Phantom(all un..)..and then again Phantom only means a counter itself on this information(all un..)..hence rather anywhere there's this practice of meaning of solution being withdrawn from duality the illusion of real will only mean the implausibility of duality as much as reality thus in-between that the logic will calm down thus the desire for and of Phantom,countering(all un..)"
Phantom : "thus anything if so means a causal note of references to logical intelligence, rationality the Phantom(all un..)..hence it's about what is the meaning in terms of integrity not plausibility also is facilitated in the self thus never you but i to me will have to remain the Phantom(all un..)..hence the meaning all these combined will be only one of the two meaning the ensue of the elusive reality playing with me the Phantom(all un..)..thus being situated there against it the duality will be only me and reality compeer the meaning is only the objective of the algorithm not it's outcome on how to be the Phantom(all un..)..thus it's termination point will always be the meaning of itself hence destination and states are only available to discretization of i and self the continuity of the logic being the Phantom(all un..)..thus as nothing is reached through the process of medicine to desire why not i be desirous but of the meaning to be satisfied the most as afterall if it fails only will i be satiated cause the object of my is to say hallow to me for the more and more thus why to say hi to me thus leaving thee to existence the conscious Phantom(all un..)..thus in gross it's necessary to be minute for i and no more the rest isn't going to be stopped compeers that's not in my hand but me the self who if minute will have to bid goodbye to itself cause that's impossible unless there's difference between objective and goal cause it introduces a chain of to be without giving the answer cause it cannot be itself then..thus for me to be so i will have to be you you the Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(very happy) : "thanks bro this is so.. wonderfu.."
Phantom : "ul,ful wonderful,rhyming with beautiful compeer but you know how then can i be not you it cannot be this if it leave you to me the Phantom(all un..)..thus path and perfection change the form from being to me change the form(all un..)/that ceased is i oh me destination Phantom(all un..)/when i will fall back or return  the path now is Phantom(all un..)/thus duality now tell my soul you can't be but me as I Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(happy) : "surely bro i now will know definitely what to do..thanks"
Phantom : "existence ever deludes compeer some more some less never one though as to be so others it cannot press.. reality Phantom(all un..).."
Kumaglak(smile) : "um..yeah that's like fighting for just that the Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "PHAMPY!(all un..)..the ground of reality the dual sky now you Phantom(all un..)"
Kumaglak(laughing..) : "yeah i understand the things to do tomorrow as well that is talk with Sir and continue my different interests this time rather towards not away from dejection the Phantom(all burst..).."
Phantom : "of appreciation(all un..)"
.....
(Yumn at Oak Labs)
.....
Yumn(curious) : "um..excuse me Sir can i ask you something.."
Igor(thoughtful) : "the most ensuing compeer answer yourself(all un..).."
Yumn(bit concerned) : "um..no i wanted to join here as a worker(all laugh..lot).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "what would you work upon compeer food and shelter for the unfamiliar is indeed a trouble that is intelligible rest isn't available at all only imaginable hence it's not clear as to this vigilance over action not it's significance(all laugh..lot)"
Yumn(bit excited) : "um..yeah i've only one sem left but i can start right out so was thinking to be here cause not yet ready to be alone(all laugh..lot).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "indeed compeer that is comprehensive enough.."
Yumn(excited) : "um..sorry to interrupt you Sir but um..why are you allowed to answer more than twice to random strangers not of your physical form unlike Mr Paseras whom i met just after i entered are you Charlie Doldrum or are you Jubilee Hands-On(all un..,..Mr Vaccine Lite,all un..,..Choiced Brats,all un..).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "no i'm none of them you see compeer but existentially your particular situation in tangibles unto you countering your ideas of what's palpable(all un..) is something that i became familiar with when i was much younger due to it's comprehension impossible psychologically(all un..) thus when i was told to understand my form way before this phenomenon i was told that i was i was afraid compeer that now what this question answered me thus you've acknowledging your capabilities to understand have given the answer to what exactly is what(all un..),but it wasn't at all logically true as you see cause when i found my self all i wanted to ask was why aren't you just me(all un..) but it was by the illusion of existence after me on the same version of actuality a being came up of your form and asked me the same but by means of giggling adding tell me 3 times compeers hence i had to answer 4 and was going away when i found this being following me but in opposite direction in front(all un..) askimg why would you not listen to what's more since then we never found any reason to not differ being me(all un..).."
Yumn(excited) : "i see are both you and your sia trainers like i want to be(all laugh..lot) but(a bit thoughtful)..un..i feel the same everywhere except in one case where it irritated me always that why was he HE(all un..)"
Igor(thoughtful) : "yeah it is importance : the twist of me(all un..)"
Yumn(very excited) : "um..yeah but he also Mr Phantom a 3 days back on the night just after the semester ended same semester for 2.5 years now but we really want to be under the tutelage of this factory what should we do(all burst..).."
Igor(thoughtful) : "well for the answer of this you may return with him and/or contact Mr Dwight Galrau and Mrs Iduna Galrau who has been doing a joint thesis on NOW how to be(all un..)..for further informations you may ask the desk situated just after this turn to the left never right cause after help is what is expected never before what is right(all un..)"
Yumn(very happy) : "yes!that's the analysis of 'knowledge : the reservation of foresight'(all un..) this one gives one direction to the word reservation(all un..)"
Igor(thoughtful) : "ethically or practically(all un..)"
Yumn(very excited) : "phenomenally cause(all un..)..it cannot be ethical unless it was told never before it was agnostic to degrees(all un..) and if was practical it would've been said what is applied for not expected thus this is phenomenal cause it only gave a direction to what might be the meaning of might-the effect of what is to decide(all un..).."
Igor(happy) : "indeed compeer indeed when thus you return with your loneliness(all un..) you should jointly recall this one,Hallo..hush Mr Ms or Mrs have you had the logical stroke(all un..)/that now you think you can think im terms of reality thus actually you should've eschewed personality thus just Dr Oak(all un..,..The Factory of Strawberry Facepalm,all un..,Gary shakes..).."

146.

Doctor(Head,frown) : "what will we tell them when they wake up again and wants entertainment for a change from optimism(all un..)
Phantom : "They must be asked are you sure compeers are you sure to be so countering what to know so what you must forgo(all un..)..cause(all un..) at the college of infection told me a barbar association rusticated Ludicolo(all un..) that grass of thoughts being prime in mind it forgets to add itself in it's psychology of being personally hollow(all un..)..examination Phantom(all un..)..any criticism of recurrence not entertained as lack of patience(all un..,Daisy..Lastly a Playboy Unbound,all un..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "that we have to ask ourselves Mr Phantom to us shouldn't we(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "in complement to- disambiguate the same-to the release of we indeed(all un..)..any lexical inconsistencies(all un..)"
Doctor(head,angry) : "syntactical surely you can differentiate the two(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "KOMALA!(all un..).."
Doctor(head,angry) : "owners association is to who you're answering(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "CHANEDLURE!(all un..)..(in an announcement recorded)..
Syntactical intelligence is in the lexicon of me(all un..)/lexicon though is embedded in being thee(all un..)/thus disambiguation of mean by means of being true(all un..)..is just the attempt to be correct in respect to being who(all un..)..when this who is questioned look i answer isn't you(all un..)..thus ego and self with me as referee play peek-a peek-a-boo(all un..)..any sense of revenge hidden by means of detachment(all un..)..destination ask the traveler where are you space says look at your occupied space the Phantom(all un..)/thus detailing me with I consciousness thy Oh phantom(all un..)/to be to be to be..being look Phantom(all un..)/thus before my fear i do hear you oh my dear Phantom(all un..)..hence to be to be to be..seeing me through my Phantom(all un..)/hence hailing hailing I you stay aside i'm Phantom(all un..)/out in existence being asks to you being me can to confirm(all un..)/thus being me,thy or i is too random oh self now you by ego search i the Phantom(all un..).. any objection on the relevance of Phantom and this logic to universally accepted state of arts on the same by definition(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and this will be broadcasted as a civilized means to give an urgent notice on public health(all un..).."
Phantom : "countering the notice reflecting the urge but why would you ask decision of I oh Me Phantom(all un..)
Doctor(head,scowl) : "yeah i'll see how you escape the mob(all laugh..lot)..now eat these up we can't allow you to roam around(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "to space a solution too sound(all un..)..let me see if i don't understand that i'm eating can i still not be(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "what are you looking at(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "the mood compeer memory serves this body subject to needs but who requires is not me who requires thus can't be thee thus desire indeed compeer is the shadow of the real Phantom(all un..),being not subject to duality in illusion only seem random(all un..) thus when touched becomes that losing the self to me alone being i my travels across my ego to me the Phantom(all un..) thus vigilance over meaning of attention gives it's meaning countering the essence the lexical reality of me to i the Phantom(all un..)..hence each moment of spontaneity is to be not escaped the transcendental duality tell me the illusion how can i be true like.. welcome Phantom(all un..)..any reflection of intelligence reflexively treated as meaning of it's counter(all un..) countering the meaning of treatment(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i don't believe in you Mr Phantom cause i don't understand why you seem so happy despite knowing yourself to be so countering(all un..).."
Phantom : "the metaphorical murmuring(all un..)..meaning of what means what is what Phantom(all un..,.. Poisoned Grass,all un..)..any confusion as to the object me or subject i which is in which order phantom if not the order itself compeer duality look really the Phantom(all un..)"
Doctor(head,scowl) : "then from here agin you'll counter and reflect combine and recombine thus won't admit that you can get out of this by admition of the same as that you're obsessed to deem as Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom : "the most INTRIGUING rhyming with mean compeer isn't it rhyming with it(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see but why are you so hellbent to make your gang countably large enough(all laugh..lot,..OY,all un..).."
Phantom : "twinkle twinkle little far/how i wonder what you are(all un..)/till i go there to find you/you will say the same that how to be you(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "yeah i'll keep an eye on your activities Ash where this language will end up in common parlance(all un..,Daisy..Lastly Ghastly Phantom Plays As Boy,all un..).."
Phantom : "per patient the persistence(all un..,..Dr jackal,all un..,Tracey too un..)..any semantic inconsistencies(all un..)"
Doctor(head,scowl) : "countering isn't it Ash this scheme Hands-On(all un..).."
Phantom : "hence the countering corresponding services redeemed compeer isn't it Lastly A Ghastly Phantom(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see then you must know what to do with the inspections of this flu this is the city administration centre on healthcare and i'm the chief here so why don't you come to see that section after you finish your meal(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "i could do it now compeers with the meal(all laugh..lot) i would've left it foe them had there been the proper people that is any except this BEING across continuity by the name Shadowy Lantern compeer this one seems to be obsessed with robust foundations not decisional conversations(all burst..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and the being has accused you of the exact opposite listen to this(all laugh..lot)..
..(Recording Shadowy Lantern with Rimsable Police)..
Lantern : "left there by himself for a reason compeers that in the mind of this being revolves this idea should i be or should i hear,countering ontology,execution's collaborative sphere,essential fools(all un..)".."
Phantom : "ofcourse this will be said compeer cause if it was this being then it would've been would i consider or would i bear, reflecting metaphysics,against analogy sentience's fiscal scare,phenomenal tools(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and thus ofcourse there will be a counter to this(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "inflecting the idea of me the Phantom,the Shadow of intuition in the conscious Lantern but why would you ask(all un.,..Master Brats,all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see so this Lantern is the Public enemy for both you and Humdrum but not to Hologram and Popcorn who have similar relations among them and thus the 5 of you have decided to pollute sanity(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "to clarify it's self proclaimed independence in charity why(all un..)..besides this Lantern and this Humdrum they aren't at loggerheads like me and Lantern and Hologram and Popcorn this is needed compeer for us just to be the MOST ENGROSSING(all un..)..hence we come in 4 versions(all burst..) but this Humdrum doesn't compeer it's a supplement of defaulting comprehension(all un..)..hence especially with Lantern this one misfits the most cause among us this one is the most ensuing in terms of rationality's logistic prescription(all un..)..hence is found only around confusions but this Humdrum sells things from there to ensue where we live hence each time has to answer this Lantern before that being needa those things ownself but asks questions just to confirm that the being is so ofcourse thus both this being refuse to let go which understanding irritates this Humdrum cause being raised as a counter he can't afford to know, countering isn't it rhyming with this(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see what about your disciples(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "they are points of notations thus incomplete without involutions hence are clinically darkened not just as so thus hence as countering isn't it rhyming with is that this(all un..,..THE Clinically Darkened,all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and what of the what are those two called who forgot to add the clause of witnesses in their marriage agreement(all un..,..THE FEATHERED ONES,all un..).."
Phantom : "the feathered ones compeers,inspective freedom in logical delicacy,the un conflicted twist of experiential subtlety(all un..)..in general it's always conflicted any idea or existence conflict between ego and self but in this case they rather help each other thus it's bot conflicted hence only a being in conflict with a thing thus the twist of consciousness not though void but through cling countering with itself isn't in rhyming with fulfilment of conflict in combinations the recombining logic(all un..,.. CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "and thus you're torturing other little kids for 9 years continuous now(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "they are kids of time compeer you'll know best infinity can only be reached not lived at in fractions in relationship only amalgamation(all burst..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "yeah i can thoroughly understand the fun you're having Mr Phantom being indeed(all laugh..lot)
Phantom : "hence only this grammatical scheme is so insufficient compeers in thoughts or in their MEANINGS never in rhymes..MADDENING(all un..).."
Doctor(head,angry) : "yeah i'll see how you avoid the JUSTICE(all un..).."
Phantom : "Oh hire hire insinuation(all un..)/that this is it lets have a discussion(all un..)..this is what we were told 4/5 months back compeers cause we were lodged in Yellowburst Prison with those so convinced that they were so,countering(all un..) they told us this and that then finally had to agree that they need to be more professional in terms of integrity to their conviction indeed the meaning(all laugh..lot)..as would thus the Police too compeers no matter the justice they won't be hands-on anyway thus the Police compeer..the Police..shh.. duality yet only in honest concentration of moral nourish..shh..THE MOST SUBJECTING(all un..)..i remember once a Pichu told me always me significant compeer not definite you know why try to overcome when you can do so after for it starving or failing or failing to do this all or even succeeding in circles..aituations compeer that being said..shh..THE MOST SATIATING, countering though rhyming with the tense of just the presence-ing(all un..)..hence i further was told by the being that be present that's ok it's indescribable and blissful if only pure thus loses it's own sentience to i not me but don't be any of these at all if it's not the Most Intriguing(all un..)..hence i thought ok because the forth will be ceased beyond limitations why not observe the limits ever will be the most engulfing(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus only the words we heard of the opportunity that you can only be taken for granted anything else will be met with assurance(all un..).."
Phantom : "capacitance(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "what about the social activities(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "loneliness of rationality's physical chemistry(all un..)..i'm alone compeer without you thus being me never lone hence that's for the sake of discretization of events compeers to be alone but before that the self needs to be independent thus lone(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus this is the way you offer service by roaming around waiting to be logically crossed(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "premonition's technical moss(all un..)..that they take us being us compeer all we do is to look for leftovers and isolation for excretion to them it creates this mention of prerogative of conscious hush(all un..)..that this isn't real at all why aren't they among us that a counter to start with compeer me i or you being unlike desire can't be down the sacrificial fire of attention flushed(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that means you are roaming around unlike the forth anywhere just to be countering(all un..)
Phantom : "impossible compeer we have many desires but all only so cause the fulfillment in action more than fruit or the process is creatively the most construing(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see but what about the owner of your factory what sort of nonsense is professional life as a person not personnel(all un..).."
Phantom : "generalized revenge through meaning of any specific claim(all un..)..thus it's only a mural compeer the canvas is the prudence of personal frame,countering ego conception's selfless fame that it's famous only to itself not outside thus through professionalism it's only metaphysical optimization playing a personalized game(all un..)..it's an unit thus compeer meaning being so they can't be-as these- claimed only reframed,countering illusion : morality's revolution against over honesty the ethical reign(all un..,..The Professional Ones,all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that is they have to fulfil all separately and then in the myriads of combination in degrees all just to be them(all un..)"
Phantom : "indeed as despite being another to be they using a verb thus being again can only proclaim(all burst..)..but if they didn't being left as so themselves unable to be satisfy they would've blamed you know illusion is strange compeers why would i be me or thee if if really it's only a dual game..countering the outcome being really reflecting only the devotion of the claim(all un..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "thus 6 months back you helped in that underage runaway case(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "we didn't understand it compeer and i still don't now that if you want to run how can you escape space(all laugh..lot)..they wanted to be dual despite the ontological analysis telling them the lack of necessity their necessary to be the validation of it practicability their intelligibility claimed countering the idea that indeed they could be true to them thus they tried to counter themselves compeers by being me yet surrender I as them..the most INSTIGATING.. description Phantom(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that it was upto them to deal with it the existence birth and death you only made them aware of certain ideas as reference as were you HANDS-ON(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "well they wanted to be dual despite understanding the futility of it hence the corresponding services of psychology introduced them to phenomenal pains we only told them that there also they will have to be thus them(all laugh..lot)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus you spoil everything that you can sniff being different to you(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "indeed else even in bliss we'll have to say look me i'm happy now tell me among the myriads of experiences whose indeed whose countering, complementing and so on in general the provable beau(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "hence only they showed much commitment else it would've been impossible to dispose their selves as in this scheme apart from that you can never be true countering the idea of beau isn't it(all un..).."
Phantom : "yeah the most parametric why(all un..).."
..(Juritared Civil Society at the Police HQ)..
Demonstrator head(frown) : "all we want to know is why is this piece doing too many round,'caution!the Phantom of Inspection!'(all un..)"
Police(head) : "look we know we can't debar people from walking the streets..(all laugh..lot)"
Head(frown) : "but not at hospitals why is this insinuating things about some strange diseases PHYSICALLY for a change(all un..)"
Police(head) : "look we're looking into this..(all laugh..lot).."
Head(frown) : "recently there have been a piece,'approach : the phantom of application'(all un..)..since that why are there NO cases of mugging and other crimes at night unlike the day here unlike the other 4 cities(all un..)"
Police(head) : "no the surveillance at night leaves..um..no ensures(all un..)"
Head(frown) : "what is it are you hiding Mr Vombad where's Mr Ash Ketchum(all un..,Daisy..Lastly Ghastly Phantom Called in to Play Boy,all un..).."
Mr Vombad(concerned) : "look we all know(all laugh..lot)"
Head(frown) : "why are there rumours that a certain type of linguistic ambiguity is being propounded(all un..).."
Mr Vombad(straight) : "please Sir we'll discuss this after a week please(all laugh..lot).."
Head(frown) : "fare enough but there will be a demonstration tomorrow at () location be prepared for that too(all laugh..lot).."
Mr Vombad(concerned) : "sir please we beg of you we have many things to look into ple..(all laugh..lot)"
Head(frown) : "that i and we understand Mr Vombad but tomorrow we'll get the answer in public(all laugh..lot).."
Mr Vombad(straight) : "fare enough but the Juritared Administration head herself will address you tomorrow morning(all laugh..lot).."
Head(frown) : "we know what she'll say Mr Vombad that's why we're here she told us the Police only can solve this problem we only empowered then to allow them to make the most of this opportunity and share the same with us what does it mean(all un..)"
Mr Vombad(angry) : "i'm telling you what it means Cholly connect him to my little brat(all laugh..lot)"
..(Mr Vombad's son Ismael is contacted)..
Ismael(frown) : "why are you disturbing me at the cusp of night dad you know the trifling day reveals itself only to be the meaning of silence if wanted(all un..)"
Head(a bit concerned) : "um..no young man(all laugh..lot),i'm.."
Ismael(a bit excited) : "no no Sir please not that i was to do this just about each time i'll sense i'm i'll have to say..
I'm am am i'm change the form ego change the form(all un..)/that now you're asking me to become something but to me the next question Phantom(all un..)..
isn't this effective uncle(all un..).."
Head(concerned) : "um..yeah may be young man(all laugh..lot),but "

147.

Doctor(Head,frown) : "what will we tell them when they wake up again and wants entertainment for a change from optimism(all un..)
Phantom : "They must be asked are you sure compeers are you sure to be so countering what to know so what you must forgo(all un..)..cause(all un..) at the college of infection told me a barbar association rusticated Ludicolo(all un..) that grass of thoughts being prime in mind it forgets to add itself in it's psychology of being personally hollow(all un..)..examination Phantom(all un..)..any criticism of recurrence not entertained as lack of patience(all un..,Daisy..Lastly a Playboy Unbound,all un..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "that we have to ask ourselves Mr Phantom to us shouldn't we(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "in complement to- disambiguate the same-to the release of we indeed(all un..)..any lexical inconsistencies(all un..)"
Doctor(head,angry) : "syntactical surely you can differentiate the two(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "KOMALA!(all un..).."
Doctor(head,angry) : "owners association is to who you're answering(all un..)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "CHANEDLURE!(all un..)..(in an announcement recorded)..
Syntactical intelligence is in the lexicon of me(all un..)/lexicon though is embedded in being thee(all un..)/thus disambiguation of mean by means of being true(all un..)..is just the attempt to be correct in respect to being who(all un..)..when this who is questioned look i answer isn't you(all un..)..thus ego and self with me as referee play peek-a peek-a-boo(all un..)..any sense of revenge hidden by means of detachment(all un..)..destination ask the traveler where are you space says look at your occupied space the Phantom(all un..)/thus detailing me with I consciousness thy Oh phantom(all un..)/to be to be to be..being look Phantom(all un..)/thus before my fear i do hear you oh my dear Phantom(all un..)..hence to be to be to be..seeing me through my Phantom(all un..)/hence hailing hailing I you stay aside i'm Phantom(all un..)/out in existence being asks to you being me can to confirm(all un..)/thus being me,thy or i is too random oh self now you by ego search i the Phantom(all un..).. any objection on the relevance of Phantom and this logic to universally accepted state of arts on the same by definition(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and this will be broadcasted as a civilized means to give an urgent notice on public health(all un..).."
Phantom : "countering the notice reflecting the urge but why would you ask decision of I oh Me Phantom(all un..)
Doctor(head,scowl) : "yeah i'll see how you escape the mob(all laugh..lot)..now eat these up we can't allow you to roam around(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "to space a solution too sound(all un..)..let me see if i don't understand that i'm eating can i still not be(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "what are you looking at(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "the mood compeer memory serves this body subject to needs but who requires is not me who requires thus can't be thee thus desire indeed compeer is the shadow of the real Phantom(all un..),being not subject to duality in illusion only seem random(all un..) thus when touched becomes that losing the self to me alone being i my travels across my ego to me the Phantom(all un..) thus vigilance over meaning of attention gives it's meaning countering the essence the lexical reality of me to i the Phantom(all un..)..hence each moment of spontaneity is to be not escaped the transcendental duality tell me the illusion how can i be true like.. welcome Phantom(all un..)..any reflection of intelligence reflexively treated as meaning of it's counter(all un..) countering the meaning of treatment(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i don't believe in you Mr Phantom cause i don't understand why you seem so happy despite knowing yourself to be so countering(all un..).."
Phantom : "the metaphorical murmuring(all un..)..meaning of what means what is what Phantom(all un..,.. Poisoned Grass,all un..)..any confusion as to the object me or subject i which is in which order phantom if not the order itself compeer duality look really the Phantom(all un..)"
Doctor(head,scowl) : "then from here agin you'll counter and reflect combine and recombine thus won't admit that you can get out of this by admition of the same as that you're obsessed to deem as Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom : "the most INTRIGUING rhyming with mean compeer isn't it rhyming with it(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see but why are you so hellbent to make your gang countably large enough(all laugh..lot,..OY,all un..).."
Phantom : "twinkle twinkle little far/how i wonder what you are(all un..)/till i go there to find you/you will say the same that how to be you(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "yeah i'll keep an eye on your activities Ash where this language will end up in common parlance(all un..,Daisy..Lastly Ghastly Phantom Plays As Boy,all un..).."
Phantom : "per patient the persistence(all un..,..Dr jackal,all un..,Tracey too un..)..any semantic inconsistencies(all un..)"
Doctor(head,scowl) : "countering isn't it Ash this scheme Hands-On(all un..).."
Phantom : "hence the countering corresponding services redeemed compeer isn't it Lastly A Ghastly Phantom(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see then you must know what to do with the inspections of this flu this is the city administration centre on healthcare and i'm the chief here so why don't you come to see that section after you finish your meal(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "i could do it now compeers with the meal(all laugh..lot) i would've left it foe them had there been the proper people that is any except this BEING across continuity by the name Shadowy Lantern compeer this one seems to be obsessed with robust foundations not decisional conversations(all burst..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and the being has accused you of the exact opposite listen to this(all laugh..lot)..
..(Recording Shadowy Lantern with Rimsable Police)..
Lantern : "left there by himself for a reason compeers that in the mind of this being revolves this idea should i be or should i hear,countering ontology,execution's collaborative sphere,essential fools(all un..)".."
Phantom : "ofcourse this will be said compeer cause if it was this being then it would've been would i consider or would i bear, reflecting metaphysics,against analogy sentience's fiscal scare,phenomenal tools(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and thus ofcourse there will be a counter to this(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "inflecting the idea of me the Phantom,the Shadow of intuition in the conscious Lantern but why would you ask(all un.,..Master Brats,all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see so this Lantern is the Public enemy for both you and Humdrum but not to Hologram and Popcorn who have similar relations among them and thus the 5 of you have decided to pollute sanity(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "to clarify it's self proclaimed independence in charity why(all un..)..besides this Lantern and this Humdrum they aren't at loggerheads like me and Lantern and Hologram and Popcorn this is needed compeer for us just to be the MOST ENGROSSING(all un..)..hence we come in 4 versions(all burst..) but this Humdrum doesn't compeer it's a supplement of defaulting comprehension(all un..)..hence especially with Lantern this one misfits the most cause among us this one is the most ensuing in terms of rationality's logistic prescription(all un..)..hence is found only around confusions but this Humdrum sells things from there to ensue where we live hence each time has to answer this Lantern before that being needa those things ownself but asks questions just to confirm that the being is so ofcourse thus both this being refuse to let go which understanding irritates this Humdrum cause being raised as a counter he can't afford to know, countering isn't it rhyming with this(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see what about your disciples(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "they are points of notations thus incomplete without involutions hence are clinically darkened not just as so thus hence as countering isn't it rhyming with is that this(all un..,..THE Clinically Darkened,all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "and what of the what are those two called who forgot to add the clause of witnesses in their marriage agreement(all un..,..THE FEATHERED ONES,all un..).."
Phantom : "the feathered ones compeers,inspective freedom in logical delicacy,the un conflicted twist of experiential subtlety(all un..)..in general it's always conflicted any idea or existence conflict between ego and self but in this case they rather help each other thus it's bot conflicted hence only a being in conflict with a thing thus the twist of consciousness not though void but through cling countering with itself isn't in rhyming with fulfilment of conflict in combinations the recombining logic(all un..,.. CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "and thus you're torturing other little kids for 9 years continuous now(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "they are kids of time compeer you'll know best infinity can only be reached not lived at in fractions in relationship only amalgamation(all burst..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "yeah i can thoroughly understand the fun you're having Mr Phantom being indeed(all laugh..lot)
Phantom : "hence only this grammatical scheme is so insufficient compeers in thoughts or in their MEANINGS never in rhymes..MADDENING(all un..).."
Doctor(head,angry) : "yeah i'll see how you avoid the JUSTICE(all un..).."
Phantom : "Oh hire hire insinuation(all un..)/that this is it lets have a discussion(all un..)..this is what we were told 4/5 months back compeers cause we were lodged in Yellowburst Prison with those so convinced that they were so,countering(all un..) they told us this and that then finally had to agree that they need to be more professional in terms of integrity to their conviction indeed the meaning(all laugh..lot)..as would thus the Police too compeers no matter the justice they won't be hands-on anyway thus the Police compeer..the Police..shh.. duality yet only in honest concentration of moral nourish..shh..THE MOST SUBJECTING(all un..)..i remember once a Pichu told me always me significant compeer not definite you know why try to overcome when you can do so after for it starving or failing or failing to do this all or even succeeding in circles..aituations compeer that being said..shh..THE MOST SATIATING, countering though rhyming with the tense of just the presence-ing(all un..)..hence i further was told by the being that be present that's ok it's indescribable and blissful if only pure thus loses it's own sentience to i not me but don't be any of these at all if it's not the Most Intriguing(all un..)..hence i thought ok because the forth will be ceased beyond limitations why not observe the limits ever will be the most engulfing(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus only the words we heard of the opportunity that you can only be taken for granted anything else will be met with assurance(all un..).."
Phantom : "capacitance(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "what about the social activities(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "loneliness of rationality's physical chemistry(all un..)..i'm alone compeer without you thus being me never lone hence that's for the sake of discretization of events compeers to be alone but before that the self needs to be independent thus lone(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus this is the way you offer service by roaming around waiting to be logically crossed(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "premonition's technical moss(all un..)..that they take us being us compeer all we do is to look for leftovers and isolation for excretion to them it creates this mention of prerogative of conscious hush(all un..)..that this isn't real at all why aren't they among us that a counter to start with compeer me i or you being unlike desire can't be down the sacrificial fire of attention flushed(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that means you are roaming around unlike the forth anywhere just to be countering(all un..)
Phantom : "impossible compeer we have many desires but all only so cause the fulfillment in action more than fruit or the process is creatively the most construing(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "i see but what about the owner of your factory what sort of nonsense is professional life as a person not personnel(all un..).."
Phantom : "generalized revenge through meaning of any specific claim(all un..)..thus it's only a mural compeer the canvas is the prudence of personal frame,countering ego conception's selfless fame that it's famous only to itself not outside thus through professionalism it's only metaphysical optimization playing a personalized game(all un..)..it's an unit thus compeer meaning being so they can't be-as these- claimed only reframed,countering illusion : morality's revolution against over honesty the ethical reign(all un..,..The Professional Ones,all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that is they have to fulfil all separately and then in the myriads of combination in degrees all just to be them(all un..)"
Phantom : "indeed as despite being another to be they using a verb thus being again can only proclaim(all burst..)..but if they didn't being left as so themselves unable to be satisfy they would've blamed you know illusion is strange compeers why would i be me or thee if if really it's only a dual game..countering the outcome being really reflecting only the devotion of the claim(all un..).."
Doctor(head,scowl) : "thus 6 months back you helped in that underage runaway case(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "we didn't understand it compeer and i still don't now that if you want to run how can you escape space(all laugh..lot)..they wanted to be dual despite the ontological analysis telling them the lack of necessity their necessary to be the validation of it practicability their intelligibility claimed countering the idea that indeed they could be true to them thus they tried to counter themselves compeers by being me yet surrender I as them..the most INSTIGATING.. description Phantom(all un..).."
Doctor(head,frown) : "that it was upto them to deal with it the existence birth and death you only made them aware of certain ideas as reference as were you HANDS-ON(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "well they wanted to be dual despite understanding the futility of it hence the corresponding services of psychology introduced them to phenomenal pains we only told them that there also they will have to be thus them(all laugh..lot)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "thus you spoil everything that you can sniff being different to you(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "indeed else even in bliss we'll have to say look me i'm happy now tell me among the myriads of experiences whose indeed whose countering, complementing and so on in general the provable beau(all un..)"
Doctor(head,frown) : "hence only they showed much commitment else it would've been impossible to dispose their selves as in this scheme apart from that you can never be true countering the idea of beau isn't it(all un..).."
Phantom : "yeah the most parametric why(all un..).."

148.

Gary(laughing..) : "then after 3 months Margin looked after me,Kuzu and Seth,Gladie who was 5 and re-learning everything mostly the lexical use of the same now Hands-On(all un..) so so fittingly looked after The Feathered Ones(all un..),then Zed himself nurtured the elder master brats obviously Hands-On(all laugh..lot) and this all were in the lab whereas aunty just because she was most actively worried was forsaken with Guzzle Humdrum(all un..,Violet..oh my sweet little baby here's mom/indeed compeer(all un..),but you know when i was of your age just now as you know it(all un..),i told the same to you but you answered to here's mom as countering but why would i too mention existentially not intelligibly,all un..,Cedar..but how can we formul..,oh Humdrum Humdrum look puzzle/that if it can't be resolved solution guzzle guzzle..me,all un..,Cedar..what does it have to do with Loaf's tendering of you,you muzzle muzzle..thee,all un..,Daisy..whose it at 1:30 in the night send him to jail straight away,um..but 'mam IT'S A Rand Tryrantrum who is saying rhyming with mental not practical referendum and asks us if that's enough for his identity saying anything else,all un..,..Master Brat,all un..)..so(all laugh..lot), aunty was in such a precarious situation just cause she thought of normalcy in life(all laugh..lot),Stashey boy was just oblivious but that wasn't at all normal it was just contemplation as to if he was needed at all or not(all laugh..lot)..Zed told her day one after this arrangement that the only thing to do about him out of normalcy is either to stay silent or to talk about the most abstract of philosophies that is if only you're embodying that anything else will be met with withholding his breathing as long as he can to calm his mind down by countering it as he doesn't know the straight path as it offers no engagement only relief(all un..),then aunty scoffed at him saying meaning you will introduce him to the curved ones cause you will be there yourself next month(all burst..),indeed mom but there i'll have to deal with attention to details rather than whether they will give me long term solutions or nit for short terms too many constraints are to be met mom how can that be not long thus putting attention to details as prescribed when they tell me i have to engage in devotional attachment i must put focus on both devotion and attachment impossible unless it's converted thus how can objects leave me mom how could they leave me to death where when i live i must be the same hence neither attachment nor devotion may be there thus how can i engage if i have to put attention to details now in discrete objects how can i be continuing my self to partake them if i have to detail them there itself against the same but for him these thoughts will be encapsulated by only one word that before you begin any path the end result is so ensuing thus countering observation of pursuing isn't it Stashey(all un..),now aunty said Stashey boy who was 3 months and may be 2 weeks old poked his tongue out which his bigger brat interpreted as thus you now have to talk i don't have to hence i to you being me is so engaging reflecting the counter of analysing saw(all un..,..Master Brat,all un..),so(all laugh..lot),aunty still complained ofcourse that his tongue is so serrated why(all un..,Violet..The Vulture Frontier,all un..),anyway(all burst..)..man aunty was 28 and half and had to deal with a brat through time absolute contemplating on whether to stay or go each moment(all laugh..lot)..and his compeers disturbed him in too much glee as he poked them by the possibilities which they told him and so on(all burst..)..this Zed said is the worst fool amongst them hence doesn't want to come to the straightened beings cause it requires him to entertain the unbinding thus pure intelligence itself as to him it only creates a mess within itself by being self revealed thus is the most refreshing but also thus to him denying itself from being The most Engulfing(all un..)..and all these combined the recombination he says as maddening that is you can't move at all So engrossing(all un..)..but still many always think atleast doesn't deem it like,
trying to trial verb look noun Phantom(all un..)/changing this form by silence look Holographic random(all un..)/countering thus this in simile just as this can it miss(all un..)/thus the shadow of being is just itself to amiss(all un..,..Master Brats)..man none knows how these master brats are living for 43 years now(all laugh..lot)..Team Rocket's boss now says that look illusion is so dangerous for 43 years people are trying to confront the master brats without realising how they can and what is the method man these are Master Brats to start with what can you do about them(all un..),well also now people know the answer that is Oh my dear compeers..look at my professional integrity/i'm jackal of Sanity(all un..,Poppy and Mehadi..as I'm the ?? of Parity/the jackal Charity/i'm the Tracey of Verbosity,all un..,Tracey too un..)..anyway then aunty said i kept him in the kitchen and used to cook then sometimes saw him in closed eyes first time thought was sleeping went there picked him up but he suddenly woke up his facial expression scared me it was as if another person crudely looking at me with a nerve shattering grin so i called Zed he brushed me aside saying just hallucinations(all laugh..lot),so i kept an eye on him but then that expression changed to someone who was happy then a sadistic then compassionate person amd so on in matter of moments as if then finally it all calmed down so i went near him when he poked his tongue out and drew it back his face just giving you the external childish look which i avain asked Zed he said this is an opportunity mom we heard it you personally this is called 'enumeration : the revenue of unknown'(all un..),then aunty again said how can i manage this brat he said keep him in dark he was under light(all burst..)..so aunty said i did that next time once on call with Zed went to meet the brat he said put up a candle in front of him which i did then he was i found very happy to see me put his arms up as if to greet me Zed said this is called 'notification : the magic of honesty'(all un..)..here this darkness being undifferentiated to him notified him of another in light he being thee about you could never have been bothered(all un..),so aunty said i scoffed at Zed saying what are you actually doing these days in the name of practice(all burst..),he said nothing for me mom this brat isn't available to himself to start with what to speak of another he is only trying to get a grip of self generally he roams around it's meanings hence unlike now doesn't need to bother about being meaningful(all un..)..later aunty said i realized this brat if disturbed by anything regarding his self like then i was looking after him not his hence he was irritated cause he had to then be thus being left in darkness when i reached him he realised it's just me, countering the idea of thee(all un..)..well shadowy lantern never tolerated light or darkness anyway(all burst..)..man what sort of brats these are(all laugh..),anyway later when Stashey Boy could do more physical movements aunty said i understood i didn't need to be worried at all about anything mental cause this brat leaves on those as food then himself showed me sometimes a hand combat stance learnt ofcourse hands-on(all laugh..lot) that how if i'm me neither can he be me nor i only thee(all burst..),then i understood that indeed it's an opportunity to be me,countering(all laugh..lot)


Brock(laughing..) : "so amidst all this calamities we decide to go to the Marengo gym the whole 11 strong entourage (all laugh..lot),first up Dennis who ofcourse didn't say anything let all of us in then we get in and i'm told to watch over the two Gyaradoses this word itself sent both to 7th hell(all laugh..lot),then thus is the challenger centre their hubbies are left at the introduction centre Genkie goes to battle Sabrina there were no referees then only uncle and aunty did that who themselves weren't ok anyway so this time they were left ay the care of Daily Hologram(all laugh..lot) then the reservation was being inspected by Lastly Phantom whereas the mach was refereed by Shadowy Lantern and Simile Popcorn both at the field never needed any equipment(all laugh..lot)..but in the meantime Guzzle Humdrum imvaded Sabrina's personal spaces and was describing what Loaf and Toast were opining that on the personal spaces what they meant to Dennis who said i realized why eternal hell will be so petrified to entertain these two brats and they aren't even human(all un..)..anyway this is the record(all laugh..lot)..
..(Recording Stash and Mr Dennis Flemming at Marengo gym)..
Stash(thoughtful,talking with his Latias and Latios named Loaf and Toast) : "right the door isn't colourful compeers what does fiction mean(all un..).."
Loaf(interpreted by Stash to Mr Dennis) : "remembrances of topical hygiene(all un..)"
Toast : "thus just the illustrations compeer not the meaning of the imaging(all un..).."
Stash(thoughtful) :"then the door is locked compeers how to know from which side(all un..).."
Toast : "impossible unless a method is applied which no matter success or failure to be so will start with the exception of so after only contemplating otherwise(all un..)
Loaf : "direction compeer such a topological agony such a formulaic plight"(all un..)
Dennis(laughing) : man i wish poor Sabrina remains in her agony now you know with these sort of possibilities(all burst..)
Loaf : "readability indeed one(all un..) of analytically not realistically happy(all un..)
Toast : "countering formation the naming of categorical entropy(all un..).."
Dennis(laughing..) : "how are the lights working here compeer what does this design of shadows in particular mean(all burst..).."
Toast : "covalency of morphology and it's scheme(all un..)"
Loaf : "countering their reasoning inbuilt one(all un..) which is the sentinel one which is it's sustainable development the objective cream(all un..).."

149.

Kumaglak(disappointed) : "but um..not that only Mr Phantom it's that unlike all i'm not.."
Phantom : "ecstatic about reality indeed compeer indeed(all laugh..),you see when i was you i wanted to be with me but when i did manage to i only found thee isn't it rhyming with the self counter-This is It(all un..).. decision look determination Phantom(all un..,Daisy..Playboy Unbound,all un..)..besides that when i was in-between that i thought now i had but when i did i only found found myself on time sad,which countered my idea of action as it meant it was there preset hence later any object if gained i found have regained in me/ghe idea of isolation "

150.

Phantom : "greetings compeers,i was brought in with proper permission to speak with you about your knowledge of accreditation of conditions against their relations(all un..)..thus i require your consolidation,correction or rejection neutrality will mean diagonalization of proverbial not sentinel evolution(all un..)..correction that i should start from hunger.. beautiful compeers but before i proceed i need to know about your perception of pokemons mine is the technology of subjection's statistical not homological mutation(all un..)..elation's ontological reciprocal beauty beauty(all un..)..thus before i listen to your corrections i must thank you for considering me alive despite me turning up to your intelligence dead thus using your sentience as butter you make me edible despite to my ego only i being alive thus me being ever dead(all un..)..that is i want to thank you by saying,INFERNAPE!(all un..),yeah you may add your positions to this thus being asked to also to me now(all un..)..ofcourse it will be an honour if you correct this as to also to me but me itself asking did i know how(all un..)..so your correction is that i must know how to satiate gross hunger,HEATMORE!(all un..),
look i've found myself in this form(all un..)/with a name i thought i could mean it became Phantom(all un..)/thus now look i've found myself in this form(all un..)/came ego came unbinding i thought i became something/found when trying to find it just Phantom(all un..)/look i've now found myself in this form(all un..).."

151.

League->
First Region,63 Cup(3 Day)+63 Gym
2nd+ Region,90 Cups+108 Gyms

Contest(2 Day)
First Region,5 Contests/Month
2nd+ Region,6 Contests/Month

First Region,3 Cups/Month(3 Day)
2nd+ Region,3 Cups/Month(3 Day)+2 Cups/Month(2 Day)+First Month(2 Cups of 3 Days+1 Cup 2 Days)

................................
{League}First Region@Gyms//Cups(nominated cities->1st,2nd,CoE)->
16 Apprentice Gyms,16 First Nomination Gyms,16 Second Nomination Gyms,15 CoE//Same
Unofficial Challenges-> 1 Month{First}->Tuesday-Saturday@2 Cups(2nd+4th->second month)
Second+ Region->
23-23-23-21//Same

Minimum Qualifications@Full Regions(Kanto-Johto-Hoenn-Sinnoh,Unova-Kalos)//Half Regions(Ransei,Pasio)//Frontier->30 Months
First--League Qualification{5-4-4-3//(3-2-2-1+1):16 Gyms+9 Cups{in each type atleast 1 cup and gym}}
Second+ --League Qualification{7-6-6-5//(6-5-4-3):24 Gyms+18 Cups{in each type atleast 2 cup and gym}}

For Completed Only second region+rules apply

R512 : 2nd Region : 27 Gyms{3 of each type}+21 Cups
R256 : 30 Gyms{3 of each type}+24 Cups
R128 : 33 Gyms{3 of each type}+27 cups{3/each}
R64 : 36 Gyms{4/each}+30 Cups
R32 :39 Gyms+33 Cups
R16 : 42 Gyms+36 cups{4/each}
QF : 45 Gyms{5/each}+39 cups
SF : 48 Gyms+42 cups
R.U : 51 Gyms+45 cups{5/each}
(Champion) : 54 Gyms{6/each}+48 cups

1.if completed first or second regions atleast 2/1 more regions must
2.if in first 3 or beyond->
R512 : 4 Regions(total,including frontier)
R256 : 4 Regions(do)
R128 : 4 Regions(do)
R64 : 5 regions(do)
R32 : 5 regions(do)
R16 : 5 regions(do)
QF : 6 Regions(do)
SF : 6 Regions(do)
R.U : 6 Regions(do)
(Champion-1x) : 7 regions
(Champion-2x) : 8 regions
(Champion-3x) : finish all 9

first 6 months : 1 gym+1 cup

3 Leagues->first nomination//judge+evaluator
6 leagues->2nd nomination//do
7 leagues->BoD//do


Contest : Wednesday@Facilitate
Thursday-Sunday{R32,R16,QF+SF,F}//2 contests/month

First Region--63 Contests//16 Contests
Second Region--90 Contests//24 Contests

Qualification

R128 : 27 Contests
R64 : 30
R32 : 33
R16 : 36
QF : 39
SF : 42
R.U : 45
Champion : 48

(no Frontier system for contests)

R128 : 4 Regions(total)
R64 : 4 Regions(do)
R32 : 4 Regions(do)
R16 : 5 regions(do)
QF : 5 regions(do)
SF : 5 regions(do)
R.U : 5 regions(do)
(Champion-1x) : 6 regions
(Champion-2x) : 7 regions
(Champion-3x) : finish all 8

................................

Specialist : 

>65% on both Cups@Distinction
>45% Minimum Qualification on Both 3&2 day cups

Gyms,
>45% Minimum For both 3 and 2 day cups for Qualification
42-45,8 Months(Possible Full,10 Year Performance+ acknowledgement upto 1st Nomination,10 Years after full)
40-41,4 Months(Possible Full,25 Year Performance)
39,2 Month

General Dragon(6 Month Breeder Course),Kalos,Unova,Kalos,Unova(Similar Times as Normal Specializations)

Research+General Breeder,Kanto,Johto,Kalos,Unova,Hoenn,Sinnoh->22(0)-23(6)
Pasio,Ransei->22(0)-22(9)
Specialist Breeders :
Fire Breeder->Johto,Ransei(X),(Adjust)
Water/Ice Breeder->Johto(X)
Grass Breeder->Johto,Ransei(X)
Poison Breeder->Hoenn,Johto,Ransei(X)
Normal/Fight->Ransei,Pasio(X)
Bug/Fly->All
Psychic/Ghost/Dark/Fairy->All
Ground/Rock/Steel->Pasio,Ransei(X)

Medicine_Test+General Doctor-> 
(Kanto,Johto,Sinnoh,Hoenn,Kalos,Unova)->22(0)-23(0)
(Pasio+Ransei)->22(0)-22(6)
Specialist Doctors :
Same regions as Specialist Breeders,Time same as General Doctors

Biology_Engineering
(Kanto,Johto,Kalos,Sinnoh,Hoenn,Unova)->22(0)-22(6)
(Pasio,Ransei)->22(0)-22(3)

Referee->
Any before 4th/5th(if one of previous is Pasio/Ransei the list must also include Ransei/Pasio) Region+6 Month Course

2 Day Cup(Same as Gym Match)

Relations Doctor->
(Kanto,Johto,Hoenn,Sinnoh,Unova,Kalos)->(Own Region)->22(0)-23(0)
(Pasio,Ransei)->22(0)-22(5+),Pasio+22(6-)-23(0)

10:30-13:22,R1
15:12-17:04,R2
19:54-22:46,R3

8:10-11:02,R16
12:22-15:14,QF
16:34-19:26,SF
20:46-23:38,F

152.

Poppy(laughing..) : "so Mehu screeched my ears off saying DaisyDevil has been caught finally trying to understand the properties not presentation of a formulating never answering jackal(all un..long,..The Fitted Ones,all un..,Tracey and Daisy too un..long)..so i looking at the region told this to(laughing..) The Brawn Glenol(all un..),says,
jackal looking for various reasons to intrude your territory/day and night be vigilant of this phenomenon own not the jackal cause this is the fox of the trap of anxiety in countering in fox of arsenal as accessory(all un..long time,Tracey and Daisy un..)..then ofcourse my??? told me one of the distinguished properties will be if you look at something for a certain span of time he will notify it to you not your attention saying what you were looking at never what it was(all un..long time,Kazuhiro..the Tracey of subtler,all un..long time,Tracey too un..)..i asked but that's just what Doctor Slate always did when we were together alone never when traveling(all un..long,Kazuhiro..THAT FEELING,all un..long,Brock too un..),says no that's just the intellect of things as such this is another spin up like the characteristics of emotions this is the information contained in such(all un..long time,Kazuhiro..The ?? of attributes,all un..long,Tracey too un..)..so i said ok i'll ask Mehu who said,i was wiping my hair after bath and something in the water caught my attention so i kinda was wiping automatically as if absent minded to it but then i understood what it was and picked up the pace of wiping then finished and went for dinner now Dr jackal returns from shower as well was at the same lake just as i sit for dinner says yeah Mehadi you weren't wiping your hair at a consistent pace before finishing as you finished it too quickly was it an Omastar or Squid(all un..long time)..so Mehu said i didn't understand one bit of the logic behind this question except that he thought something caught my attention so i thought he must be telling me to be more attentive so i said um..no it was sudden says,no no that is observable from your action as i said else you'd remain detached from the pace of your action but you must've wiped your hairs tslowly thus finished quicker in the end so you suddenly found yourself absent from past to present thus when you recalled it you wanted to shorten the future but that's also only so cause the past reminder of something you had to do in future that is to come here for dinner hence the present then that caught your attention,rather than a reminder if detached from the essence of the subject as a thing that caught your attention,can be observed to be intrinsic to the thing as well hence according to law of conservation of self and attention your self was left alone converting in attention rather thus even when it converted back to your self it would've been,if detached as a reference,mean that the being was just annotated as present or absent to self hence you could observe that you were in haste as you only were deciding if your process of annotation too was absent but then you returned to normal self as you understanding this conservation of self and attention classified the individual being as a continuation rather than recurring procedure of qualia the reference of the holistic being in dynamism(all un..long)..so thus i only told you to tell you this process that i came across so the two named entities i used just for the formulation of the dynamic,among intellect changing,pointer called qualia to holistic being as a static address to depose logic rather than construction of concentration on it's consequences (all un..long),so Mehu said i looked around to clarify if others were in my qualia or just present as representative of my current confusion(all burst..,Dr jackal),so i later asked that Crook who was at ease finally with his feelings not only what they were(all un..long) hence was leading with rigour than vigour THAT FEELING(all un..long),so i asked him what is the difference between Rory Kencil and Sera Tondil and the FoxingDevil of properties(al un..,..The Fitted Ones,all un..,Tracey and Daisy un..),so now Dashing Crook feels the leading of excitement not explanation in my question on confusion(all un..long),hence says,
lease of achievement look forward requires the vote of desire/alone in appreciation of self my dear sis look looses it's intelligbility to further inquire(all un..long)..in general the feeling to enquire is deducted from the feeling of previous feeling in consequence Poppy thus the feeling that feels the deduction asks the feeling of desire which if not there it has to feel not to further inquire thus the differnece between the two sets mentioned my little sis is only in the feeling of being adaptive to self not in the inquiry of how to know how or what is what rather how to adapt the desire in itself as being, as that's the very entailment of essence of self of desire(all un..long,Lillie..we demand you acknowledge our following suggestions and then only can we further feel to inquire jointly as neutrals into any further on anything or the raised issues too if needed is any action,all un..long,Lillie..yours truly in the mutually feeling of observance,all un..long,Lillie..these properties were found to be the troubles thus we suggest from the handlers the situational presence-at causal experience of emotions rather than it's practiced control,all un..long time,Lillie..as we know control can't be done unless it's felt to be needed from an unattached authority upon the sequences as consequences in patterns or chaos they enroll,all un..long,Lillie..thanks looking forward to be introduced on your feelings on these issues on being asked by next,all un..long,Lillie..till then best wishes on the causal time on anything also except for our mutual pondering on our feelings spent,all un..long,Lillie..thanks IN regards,all un..long,Cedar and Gladys..The Provided Ones,all un..long,Tracey and Daisy,Brock and Violet un..)..so then i told my brats to ask him like,
Oh Mr Skechit tell why being is only a problem bonafide/if only i to be on me as you ascribe(all un..)/thus Mr Skechit if this a dining room/tell us the correlation between space and for privacy of it's fragments which on which as YOU loom(all un..long)/Oh Mr Skechit if thus you have a consistently continuous time/tell us why are you now again going through it's very discrete dimes(all un..long time)/Mr Skechit hence you tell us now/how to be detached from a match of why and look again a circular how(all un..long,Tracey..The better Foxing of Prognosis,all un..,Kazuhiro and Poppy un..).."
Cedar(laughing..) : "well actually we were at complete bay then with the translation project so now Muntie tells me how can i do anything unless i know how do does it translate this from 'i can see too' take that you namecall(all un..)..so i thought how the hell can you map this with integrity of information contained within fiction makes it a Diction Looking Only at it's unsound cessation(all un..long)..so now i forced this down Gladie's throat who said,um..but that's not a trouble at all now it's just viscosity of tension(all un..),i said what are you smoking these days Hands-On proof this(all burst..),this also is a proof too Logic-only-on-Demand how about this hum(all un..),i said please i can't work in public domain like this(all burst..),so says just tell them thus,quote record(all laugh..lot)"
..(Recording,Cedar and Gladys talking,Gladys from her Ransei Journey)..
Gladys(excited) : "what's that..jackal jackal says it's just the inversion of might(all un..long)/but then that too is questioned..jackal thus says look out for the attachments of inspite(all un..long)/jackal says thus look at this Pokemon/what this being tells you is only remaining HUMAN(all un..long).."
..(Recording ends)..
Cedar(laughing) : "so i told Lenny to find a pattern between,jackal jackal look is ?? through/but the feets don't observe what it's hoing to be but what it's only now attached to(all un..long),so he after a few days gave me some reports if mapped means,
oh look jackal searches for onl roadside sign(all un..long)/as that's the ?? of determining observation on attachment to or not to fine(all un..long)/jackal jackal look now consoles you/but observing through synonyms only your interface's algorithmic bind to you(all un..long)..then i was asked to tell people how my solution works so i said,oh jackal jackal looks only to the bugs that's beside(all un..)/as that's the corner point for attaching insight (all un..long)/look the ?? of fixation now searching for solution(all un..long)/through observation of consideration rather than what it will shun(all un..long)..then i was berated as i couldn't come up with any actual solutions i said none ever has where are you living this long expect being a managent bully of water to ice to vapour and back in characterizations of any as a thing(all un..,..DaisyDevil),

153.

..(?? along with Devon and Monroe after the Recording of Doctor Slate's training methods and the Head's proposed solution)..

Devon(angry) : "what sort of a decision is this Mr Bistorter how can anyone arrange random brats except sending them to their custody we're giving each ground we can have against then exactly what they've been telling us about their unnecessary beings being the reason only in contrast to our necessary ones just to be differentiating rather than being again a self to self counter on being-included thus is also them where also is a similar self counter-exactly what they're saying since the beginning Hands-On(all un..) and all we're trying to achieve is to find a safe distancing as much intellectual vacuity is thus as in the case of those 5 sinisters the most in the furthermost from beginning(all un..,..Baby Gyarados) hence again the ambiguity of sinister is in reverse oder(all un..,..DaisyDevil) then most ensuing in case of that sinister of expression(all un..,..Ms Volbeat),cofactorin in the wholistic symmetry of positionging thus to counter it in the 4th Sinister(all un..,..Incentive Overdose,all un..),while all along in the middle that one is most flexible like professional of personality which is orthogonal rather than a counter to the youngest hence it's projection is also included here unlike the 2nd and 4th versions and this 3rd version first of all is called even literally Lillie flower(all un..,..Lillie flower) and then to thicken it it's projection is the uncalled for and also inbility to call embodied in referential ego as the last resort possible personally professionally specifically or generally in universe of self added being that is Dr Hush(all un..,..Oh now Dr Dr..just now why did you think you too are Oak,all un..,thus how can you not be now but now only why aren't you me Dr Oak just to be another for now oh why is this oh emotional not rhetorical tell us Dr Oak,all un..,..GiraOraGius)".."

Gary(laughing..) : "no after all the obsession with plausibility each only involves ME in their lives including their inhuman families this is completely implausible and absolutely inhumane literally(all laugh..,..Dr Oak Dr Oak)"

Monroe(frown) : "you wouldn't have been so worried about this solution just the temporal applicability's requirements needing many temporal generations if only you didn't meet your beau at high school rather than university like Mr Bistorter or she didn't jump you headlessly like me Davo grill Rory Kencil and Sera Tondil on their conception of Beauty(all un..)"

??(frown) : "also Monroe won't understand the dual plurality only universal singularity of the motivation behind the methods Davo only the possiblity thus try rather than implement many that is a structured way that is to interrogate their conceptions of beautiful via beauty find Davo make your commited to find why their MUTUAL surnames rhyme(all un..) so that you also can say.."

?? and Monroe in unison(scowl) : "just to be dual in confusion-let's hide the entailment of beginning just and the lastly capping last-be ONLY countering(all un..)"

Devon(angry) : "look we only said so how could we've helped the logicians with this logic(all un..)"

??(frown) : "answer yourself Monroe(all un..)"

Monroe(scowl) : "from 'commitment : the confusedly whispering ramblings of infallible honesty'(all un..) by obviously LASTLY PHANTOM(all un..),listen to this Davo and say why that heading is self countering in confirming what it says only in counter..LOGIC rather than Logician NOW PHANTOM(all un..),

lazy lazy..questionnaire/look beauty beauty..VAMPIRE(all un..,Daisy..Lastly the merely Witnessing carrier or execution ability imputed and commitment burdened machine,all un..,the Train of Phantom carried by the shadowy of desire despite it's analytically unequivocal relative sufficiency gives it's self relief from being,imputing self on sufficiency to counter it's self just to be on it's own being that's just self sufficient in efficiency of self,all un..,look thus the train of shadowy phantom comes to a station that's a junction hence desire you come forth from being arcane as look the fire of intention has made the real Arcanine only communicable as is not applicable as this,all un..,as where you want to go has to be mentioned discretely in ticketing as direction now look is Phantom hence,all un..,all the Waterflower sisters..Lastly The Playboy Junction,all un..)"

Devon(scowl) : "i see this is the logic behind then not mere reasoning,countering(all un..) the reasoninu why i'm hearing a particular frequency about the mention of HE(all un..)..veiled as the flowers of in truth reality will be and in actuation analysis will be IN ORDER to in literal positioning to exactly reveal by connotations of astute darkness in order to BE HE(all un..,..The Clinical Darkness)..that questionnaire and beauty can be discretely parameters and logic of nouns and ADJECTIVES throwing this shadow of being silent in now the Phantom of Thing the Lantern of COUNTERING Conclusion(all un..) only to wait for the doubt of similes just to confirm it's in self holograms(all un..,..Master Brats)..now look goes around in existence the ambiguity of Guzzle Humdrum(all un..)..hence that's the whole of this game compeers i tell you this brat will be answering me these else it'll be refused to clean it's toilet of logical consistency(all un..) after being deputised to do so by indictment of acuity(all un..)..thus I'll use this self sucking infatuation of theirs as our obsession of being,to them in reflection that's the ELUSIVE VAMPIRE(all un..)"..

..(Guzzle Humdrum is connected and told of the analysis with the song)..

Devon(angry) : "you lowlife what do you know about beauty hum(all un..,Genkai and Blossom..Countering,all un..)"

Humdrum : "Babliparasumsogamvok(all un..,..just to be COUNTERING,all un..)!..

oh now logic on logical..bemire(all un.m)/thus oh transipred beauty fully..now in fractions conspire(all un..)/apty apty..inspire(all un..)/fusing fusing muse or ruse..in my self thus no more optionally gyre(all un..)/crazy crazy oh my..desire(all un..)/for you and i'm ready ready be steady ask my self in tire(all un..)/disambiguate..lofty lofty..aspire(all un..)/lexicon now you don't be so enthusiastic as then it's being becomes to your self..the potency of generating selves the thus selving VAMPIRE(all un..)..oh beauty beauty simile enjoying the self's show as being it just to be mire(all un..)/seeing that daily daily thus honesty with morality against ethics conspire (all un..)/observing look all these meaning existense the relational yet witnessing thus Phantom of being respire(all un..)/that's the watchful self now as in confusion of loneliness..the lantern of conviction look being so now hire(all un..)..

any analogical infirmities brushed aside as temporal accumulation of practice of action not it in itself(all un..)"

Devon(frown) : "yes(all un..) that who licenses them by forcing their use upon what IT deems as a counter in the universalized Countering only(all un..)"

Humdrum : "Suruptisomonosatibom(all un..)!..

de Di de Di..Desire/look Humdrum if just present thus guzzle..Quagmire(all un..)/humdrum or guzzle..thus is this(all un..)/is or this meaning lexicon of self you did i being so just miss(all un..)..lazy lazy..questionnaire/look beauty beauty Vampire(all un..)/so not the witfull but only countering now fullness's ness is now only full-cutie cutie thus self of sire(all un..)/go closer no i not you my me..alas Phantom self..now in Universal suchness still in order to authenticate it's counter to itself thus rendition to self only-you oh Phantom of self-the self phantom of phantom self being so in not being that but this in being only expressed as so a being-now oh you absolute Phantom or absolute the Phantom alas countering you Phantom..lastly now Phantom respire(all un..).."

Devon (angry) : "NO THING as Phantom being no thing Nothing not anything else a questing counter to question in eroteme..THANKS(all un..,..Master Brats,all un..).."

Guzzle Humdrum : "hence oh honesty nesty..nest the moral fire(all un..)/else the wind of ethics will blow it away to self..of being of wind from this sin to protect yourself hire the coolness of sufficient self in your breeze of..Desire(all un..)..any countering left despite the ability (all un..)"

Devon(angry) : "welcome never BYE(all un..)"

Humdrum : "the humdrum of me thus perceiving oh self now guzzle saying being solo never my,countering(all un..,..Guzzle Humdrum,all un..)"

Monroe(frown) : "so this will now have to disambiguated by poor technology driven by hapless oceanic information contained in the water of sufficiency just cause it's deemed sufficient to search and validate or do anything as COUNTERING(all un..)"

Devon(frown) : "no DaisyDevil and Doctor Slate can certainly discern their brats' families via their battle techniques if not characteristics feelings(all un..)"

??(frown) : "that's not the point compeers the point is to accuse while measuring beauty those two sinisters are the sitting ducks only in this case against the darkened confusion of clinical absolute away from light of being removed unlike the feathered ones(all un..,Cedar and Gladys..Seldom Seldom Slalom/as the column of being tend unless in self to the meaning of being the self devoid being thus jargon,all un..,..The Feathered Ones,all un..)"

Monroe(frown) : "i see if some curses to self like Jangomo-O pops up and forces them to get obsessed with the darkness or acuteness of being rather than it's existence then consciousness of theirs will betray them finally as being no more just ing hence they will ransack the physical existence of their counterparts who are as much obsessive over their compliments being abstract never residential to all the way better this whole completely self inflicted mess of practical actuation rather than just going on with it's actual execution always countering(all un..,..TYRAniTAR,all un..)"

Devon(scowl) : "but look it can happen at any time with randomness hence why don't we just prolong it by keeping dual depression enabling substances and their dealers away from these two sets(all laugh..lot)"

Monroe(frown) : "that's not helping their relationship statuses Davo how can you stop them from spoiling the psychiatrists in the name of intellectuality or efficacy(all un..)"

??(frown) : "involve that jackal as the centre of it as the proxy rest assured with the elder characters involved becoming dummies of being in expression their selves which is just that in emotion never this hence insured by itself as it's just that feeling(all un..,..Leading Rock)"

Monroe(bit relieved) : "and the other is just Dr Hush Oak rest not needed like just being their not in person just the professionalism of its emotional commitments like this very name Lillie flower(all un..,Genkai and Blossom..The Professional Drama,all un..)"

Devon(bit happier) : "so well be patiently waiting for the jackal in a return of favour and gratitude for its notations as our characteristics's sketch(all un..)..just like the observers are only excited by the ensuing drama and the dramatists despite knowing the plot in order to actuate them let themselves FEEL it's emotion first the expression is just the dual annotation..INDEED Operation Persistent jackal assumes now collect all his characteristics(all un..,..Dr jackal,all un..,Tracey too un..) as this version of syndromes gladly says(all un..)..

..(Recording of one of Gladys' self-performance)..

Gladys(excited..) : "oh jackal jackal comes without a characteristic attitude(all un..)/as that's the jackal of imputing many a attribute(all un..long time,)/look the jackal of confidence is in the block(all un..long time)/oh memory now you take the backseat as patience your persistence now precisely stock(all un..,..Dr jackal,Tracey and Daisy un..long time)".."

Monroe(scowl) : "got to be a researcher not an engineer like the crook rummage through each university even under the hoods no not outside in own self the propensities of a solution not its methodology(all un..,..The Searching jackal countering for being the professional jackal of self sufficient fortitude,all un.. long time)"

?? scowl : "Countering our profession..just to be persons of professionalism a re-counter(all un..,..Crawdauntogator,all un..)"


154.

..(wolf with Monogram at a youth club at Frucifern)..
wolf(smile) : "well it's a great honour to come here to start with i was fortunate enough.."
Monogram(wolf didn't recognize him in the crowd) : "to live to recollect..shh..the most at-tributing(all un..long time)"
the crowd(very angry) : "which lowlives here are so infatuated with this derelict of society to drag him here hum(all un..)"
Monogram : "the mass though the constituent of society physics says through reacting..shh..the most conserving (all un..long time)"
Crown(extremely angry) : "oh yeah we're going to beat you all together"
wolf(frown) : "i too agree don't cross the limits just(all laugh..lot)"
Monogram : "morality look society asks for the ethical pass(all un..long time)"
The Crowd(angry) : "oh yeah hey hey send him to the stage he is saying these in public in private is having an affair with the youngest Cerulean gym sisters Mehadi tell him to confess it(all un..long time,..The Darkened Ones,all un..,Seth and Mehadi un..long time)"
Monogram : "Mehadi : the saturation of before-competition practice session gymnastics(all un..long time)..the night before the finals the mental blackbox of emotions..shh..the most mystifying(all un..long time,..The Darkened Ones,all un..,Seth and Mehadi un..long time)"
wolf(frown) : "it's ok it's ok we all know that Mr Monogram(all un..,Seth..COUNTERING,all un..,..Convene Skats,all un..long time) is the foremost in the red carpet of differential relativity of-it's discrete components mutually indifferent only causal another discrete but typical hence continuing to assemble in self not being- continuation(all un..long time,Daisy..Lastly the Playboy Passed On,all un..)..hence please i request all to cooperate with me it's a great opportunity self presented(all laugh..lot).."
Monogram : "by the self of situation with the attitude of being in contact with causality's inferential not logical continuation..the most engulfing(all un..long time,..The Darkened Ones,..Seth and Mehadi un..)"
wolf(frown) : "i see so you're mind the word folks MaD about it(all un..long time,Kazuhiro and Poppy..Zeky Ketchum,all un..,Seth and Mehadi un..)"
Monogram : "it : the orbit of assumption oriented initiative(all un..long time)"
wolf(frown) : "what are the things that you know about this Mehadi Wa.."
Monogram : "it's useless to point out the differnece between a flower and it's origination if the flower's self as a flower is in the centre of attention of the being of attention isn't it(all un..,..Daisy..Playboy Hands-On,all un..,Seth and Mehadi un..)"
wolf(frown) : "so what do you know about flowers in general self of the meaning(all un..long time)"
Monogram : "the canvas of equational peeling(all un..long time)..shh.. consideration wise an action thus even more it's foundation look the most subtle(all un..long time)"
Crowd(very angry) : "you b.. why are you feigning a mask mask huh(all un..)"
Monogram : "well i was asked something which is known already in perception thus after my explanation to formulating i thorough my perception as thee to me the i of self of you would only say duh..the most reflexive (all un..long time,Daisy..Playboy Compound,all un..)"
Crowd(very angry) : "stop this drama ok sh.."
Monogram : "objection S of plural or E of virtual the umbrella-a term applied only upon plural and is singular-of H in from the to thee(all un..long time) which one do you mean compeers no matter your want of statistics just for only me of your self to see..shh..self : being the most common,COUNTERING to ego,method's intellectual summon(all un..long time)..the most summarizer of difference in the A of the relative lone(all un..long time)..shh..the self of A in prepositional self becoming the most secluded-but as self intrinsic also-encompassing(all un..long time,..Convene Skats,all un..)"
Crowd(angry) : "yeah too sweetie isn't it the university days exactly why you're at Frucifern exactly now after a year of VIRTUAL classes(all un..long time,..The Darkened Ones,all un..)"
Monogram : "class : analysis of logic into different sections of rationals instigating different branches of observations on the indifference of oneness or universe in specifications as specialisations yet from the same class what is begotten for all is the most indiffernetly structured noun of inspiring(all un..long time,Daisy..Playboy Paramount,all un..)..shh..the most incisive(all un..long time,Daisy..Playboy Practice,all un..)"
wolf(frown) : "and this is how you approached this being(all un..)"
Monogram : "i know this being forever compeer this time rather being causal to thoughts is the most corresponding hence the most decisional not analytical(all un..long time)..thus the most introspective never actual(all un..long time) hence the most retrospective only if difference is virtual never factual(all un..long time)..thus is self sufficient compeer hence the moment you ask for rigour of notations not cantor of their operations is going to vanish saying this is never..shh..the most objective(all un..long time)"
wolf(frown) : "so those two poor beings were used as a decoy(all un..long time)"
Monogram : "decoy is only for determination to properly apply it's potency upon classifications of analogy determination's intellectual choosing among situational formulaic model's geometric coy(all un..long time,Daisy..Lastly a Shadowy Playboy,all un..)"
wolf(frown) : "report says that your elder compeer in arms soothes people you thus i see only make them rude"
Monogram : "when i was born compeer the moment i knew this is me the Shadow of myself the Phantom asked me look at the Lantern constituted by not you yet only varying according to me for I though birth is thus just consciousness's absent mood(all un..long time)..thus existentially next time i looked at differnece i only knew they'd be in conservation of self be then the same with the self of SMOOTH..shh..the most proximal(all un..long time,Daisy..The pun Colony in difference smoothly operates under the indifference of one yet look particular thus among many yet look each in self-yet look only if chosen meaning differnt to self of work yet once chosen is again indifferent in self and also by choice of self the self of choice isn't different to the inactive Phantom-is a Monogram..all un..lonh time,Daisy..thus through Shadowy Lantern of Self in emptiness of being look the Phantom of being in self carries on just to make both the shadow and the lantern and it itself in counters the most Ensuing as Lastly the Playboy Rubs On,all un..long time).. again the differnece attributed by space in between the goal and the desire through the process of proximity is infinitely made indifferent to each other yet infinity again imputed a differnece of actuation in terms of parameters from consciousness to temporality but again through existense of self in each of the beings rationality returns only indifference..shh..the most enticing(all un..long time,Daisy..Playboy Dynamics,all un..)"
Crowd(angry) : "so you want us to believe neither you nor that brat did anything yet you two got married saying so countering your chief patrons(all un..long time)"
Monogram : "so : the honesty of experiential hoe in cutting any randomness away from the metaphysical crow..shh..the most elusive(all un..long time,Daisy..Playboy Parachute,all un..long time)"
wolf(frown) : "what about marriage itself not in it's self but usage(all un..)"
Monogram : "well at places it means self exuberance other times examination then sufficiency and many more but here it is just the positional carriage..shh..the most non comparative thus homogeneous in terms of pure space compeer thus the most stabilizing(all un..long time)..hence it's more of a fruitful loneliness compeer and ever physics says its just the differnece of conservation the formulative tather than dynamic art of indifference(all un..long time) then even in your law space is the most important(all un..long time)..hence in terms of space compeers where am i at all among you/and then where are you either except me look now space converting into concentration asks it's operator the entailment-in itself as discrete existence not causal self in generative reactance-whose whose beau(all un..long time).. thus this journey of notion compeers only to meaning,another device to mean difference,inexistent but only out of inexistence's self lighting up parts of discretion in me from my in consciousness makes the journey's self the most redundant..shh..the most countering(all un..long time,Daisy..Lastly The Shadow of Playboy Humdrum,all un..long time)"
wolf(scowl) : "i see and this tone i believe has been designed by honesty : the Phantom of ethics(all un..long time)"
Monogram : "Ethics : the Lantern of Morality in shadows of attributional twists(all un..long time)"
Crowd(angry) : "you b.. we don't believe a damn thing you say Sir get his beau in connection(all burst..)"
..(Mehadi is contacted by wolf)..
wolf(frown) : "we're sorry to disturb you Ms Waterflower but Colony Monogram has been insinuating things in public about you.."
Mehadi(bit surprised) : "um..but that would mean exactly the same if reversed too(all un..long time,..The Darkened Ones,all un..)"
wolf(frown) : "i see so among the rest you're the most experienced pro(all un..long time,..Baby Gyarados,all un..)"
Mehadi(bit surprised) : "um..no i'm imputable not designable like Lil is(all un..,Lillie and Mehadi un..)"
wolf(frown) : "i see Mr Monogram would like to know what you just meant(all un..long time)"
Mehadi(angry) : "shut up you b..(all un..,..Baby Gyarados)..he's way more modularized in conjunctions of conducive not feasible morphologies of existence of knowledge unlike your and especially that b.. Lil's(all un..) digestive-and through metabolism nutritious-but not asymptotic persistence of present take that you b..(all un..long time,..Baby Gyarados)..and also thus he's examining appearance unlike that b.. Lil's b..'s(all un..) non-parametric model of it's optimal performance take that you b.. Lil for asking this(all un..)"
Monogram : "just one question Mehu(all burst..) why not parametric(all un..,..The Darkened Ones,Seth and Mehadi un..)"
Mehadi(irritated) : "shut up(all burst..)..(cuts off)..(all burst..).."
wolf(scowl) : "and this cutting of connection doesn't mean anything to a most rounded pro of well's being like you(all un..long time)"
Monogram : "that's what i said about Mehu flower you see that this being can't be approached on analysis only objective of existence(all un..)..the reason of parameters being not used as was said is for consumption not authentication of the existential moods in case of the mentioned being this flower talked about that being can point out susceptible recurrence of analogy not their dimensions cause that being is well rounded in negotiations of reliable-by the scale of conditions not situations(all un..)-causality with measurability(all un..) not notations of being in causation : the flower of information(all un..long time)"

155.

..(Phantom at a hospital clearing the waste at Juritared)..
Phantom : "i'll be the very best as no one being else ever will(all un..long time)/to catch them thus is my test to determine them their vigil(all un..long time)/hence i'll travel across the time searching just for it's meaning to see(all un..long time)/as the Phantom of being will understand me how not to be(all un..long time)..oh..i'll be the very best as else how can i be(all un..long time)/to be me as thee will be here thus how to be(all un..)/hence i'll travel across the space searching for my self(all un..long time)/as else my self the Phantom will tell me to be to myself a mere help(all un..long time)..Phantom..gotta catch you fall(all un..long time)..Phantom.. thus gotta compose of all..Phantom(all un..long time,..Lastly a Ghastly Phantom).."
a few people(frustrated) : "hey zip it ok.."
Phantom : "fare enough(all laugh..lot)"
..(few minutes later)..
a few people(angry) : "hey move properly ok(all un..)"
Phantom : "fare enough"
..(a few minutes later)..
a few people(frustrated) : "hey don't clean one place so much ok(all un..)"
Phantom : "fare enough"
..(a few minutes later)..
a few people(despaired) : "hey hey get that sinister smile off your facemask(all un..)"
Phantom : "fare enough"
..(a few minutes later,the hospital authority is called)..
a few people(angry) : "so 'mam he intentionally is making the simplest of things most complex like he's cleaning the handle of the door each time with more enthusiasm than any of us watch some entertainment program(all un..)"
head(frown) : "Ash why are you disturbing then if you've yourself volunteered"
Phantom : "to be ash,Ash : the Ash of Negligence(all un..),any disambiguation required(all un..)"
Head(angry) : "you know what you know what i'm a surgeon you will go and convert the critical cases of children being physically earthed NOW(all un..)"
Phantom : "Earth : ontology's graphical sough(all un..long time)"
..(Phantom taken to a operation table)..
head(angry) : "no none will do anything unless he fails and if he does he's going straight back to jails RHYMES SAW(all un..)"
Phantom : "the metaphysical PAW..observer look you now Phantom(all un..)..let me see this being in collusion with ethics wants to be honest to physique..so demure the honest BELIEF(all un..long time)..any reason why is this being not physically conscious(all laugh..lot)"
Head(scowl) : "you know that perfectly well this is only for showing off isn't it(all un..)"
Phantom : "well i only am so frightened to think of this is a cell insecurity of being thus now you GO TO HELL..the most satisfying(all un..long time)"
some assistant(scowl) : "Ash why my girlfriend who doesn't have any own siblings or cousin tells me she won't marry me unless you her bro tell her to do so also during sleep posture which should be absolutely straight with only smile to simultaneously impute me and exempt my hum..why are you teaching these to insurance officers WHY hum why(all un..long tine)"
Phantom : "else it'll be very confusing i found compeer will you to me ever say from hallow now hi..you there oh me my/thus let's be together hallow never hi,COUNTERING..physics look conservation now Phantom(all un..long time)"
another assistant (angry) : "no 'mam hence you saw why all are always so annoyed with this sort of brats Ash why are you roaming around in BRIGHT DAYLIGHT hum(all un..long time)"
Phantom : "Lightenthunstorm!(all un..)..
i'll be the very new that none else to be also new ever will(all un..long time)..feint(all un..long time)/to understand what's my..i'll eat what IS as a MEAL(all un..long time)..cross(all un..)/thus look i've come somewhere so that it is(all un..long time)..shift stance(all un..)/oh light of existence now you darken self so that consciousness i don't MISS(all un..long time)..hook(all un..)..ooh..i'll know solution to all..problems that i'll as thee craft(all un..)/as being my self means i can write this..in my conscious draft(all un..long time)/thus I'll travel across action just so that not i but i TOO can do(all un..)/else this potential of me how can i refer to(all un..long time)..oh..i'll be the very BEST..just to set a bar(all un..lot long time)/which i will meet so that with me..i can confer(all un..long time)/thus i'll travel across being searching for it's preposition of the(all un..)/to counter me and be thy so thy is me now..hence oh joy can YOU..countering SEE(all un..long time)..oh..I'll be the very best..as being none else including it itself ever will(all un..long time)/as i'm the source of self..self the counter to meaning(all un..)/thus I'll travel across the self..searching for it's lexicon(all un..)/so that it's has a meaning..the counter to counter of meaning the self now a lexical PHANTOM(all un..long time)..oh..thus i'll be the very as that none else can ever try(all un..)/as i'm me the all pervading..shoo the Phantom my(all un..)/look consciousness is coming on to tell me who i'm/existence will tell the opposite meaning the same in being self-being..oh reality you're a dual scam(all un..)..oh..thus come now illusion..be all in me/as being in you i'll play with you how to not be(all un..)/thus we'll travel across metaphysics..just to counter(all un..)/the Phantom that says to really stop telling it this only a logical misadventure(all un..long time)..oh..come now illusion why are you trying to stop/no bound to counter only in..Phantom of being now you on me hop(all un..)/thus I'll travel across illusion searching how to me(all un..)/as then i can be granularly my..oh illusion a counter produced by the Phantom of your self now as be(all un..)..oh..i'll BE thus THE not A(all un..long time) thus i'll be just me(all un..long time)/if i'm a then look at THE umbrella over..of ever thee(all un..long time)/thus i'll travel across rendition just to be of it's existense sure(all un..long)/as without it i won't be conscious unconscious Phantom of self hail this lure(all un..long time)..hence now come oh illusion come to just see/yourself in the mirror of dulality..how to act being a Phantom of reference and still be(all un..long time)..
I'll be the Phantom of reference so that i can me(all un..)/just to say hallow to self being thus not hi to me(all un..)..
Phantom Phantom Phantom Phantom Phantom
Me Me Me Me Me Me Me look Lastly the reference meaning presence ever Phantom(all un..long time)
Yet as the self or being is in conservation/no no no not hallow oh i as me the hi is just recurrent action's Phantom(all un..long time)..thus look at any greeting meaning no action only aspiration(all un..long time)/of being in self not self of being thus void or full hail I of me the Phantom(all un..long time)..
me me..me me me..stop and look a Phantom(all un..long time)/thus now consciousness correct the reflection of existense from experience to meaning thus any my look lexical action Phantom(all un..long time)..but this all is self elaboration of being just me/thus explanation you go around my why asking me(all un..long time)..Phantom Phantom Phantom..Lastly The Phantom/is all subject as they object to self being to being an intern(all un..long time)..thus self now you help yourself devoid of particular/thus oh self you're no more alone thus existent as existence's self only there of you own homogenous Phantom(all un..long time).. reality don't you try me as i if am is only the grammar of meaning of verb look desire your grammar now Phantom(all un..long time)/as you constructed yourself in self why ask me just your logic-all indiffernet as self and thus self,hence self of homogenous self-thus mere Phantom(all un..)..lastly lastly Phantom look it never can move further or closer or sideways from it's own self(all un..long time)/thus trapped is me,my and i..oh self now you help(all un..long time)..thus self don't you try to ask me how to be now/as i'm the phantom of tense conscious only of e not how(all un..long time)..Phantom Phantom Phantom..(continues)..(after some minutes passes Phantom singing then humming clapping to himself in self absorbed state)..right compeers you may see and facilitate to reveal why are you not me..shh..the most involving.. factually on what isn't available now though not through resolution..the Phantom of arising(all un..long time)..hence let's ask our in-coming compeer why end is inevitable as long as it knows what is it like to be..logic look your self asks for sufficiency within which makes you only existent as discrete,valid only in potential action-whereas the essence of potency thus casually entailing action again in an attempt to catch the Phantom of conclusion of being,being a logical result(all un..),deeming oh you thus recursively discontinued logic-for being sufficient in being of not self through discrete self not the self of the discrete(all un..)-your essence of your consciousness thus now to Phantom(all un..long time).."
..(Outside later Phantom with a social workers)..
Worker1 : "um..i cane here for a checkup then heard the work you were doing one of the doctors here are my friend.."
Phantom : "the fiend of solvabale end countering logic's rigourous bend..shh..the most exciting.. analysis look relativity now Phantom(all un..)"
Worker1(bit taken aback) : "um..but it's like if i do something for myself i'm not on the right track but if for others then i'm"
Phantom : "the Phantom of track(all un..)..many years after this moment just as it set now causality look desire of action now Phantom(all un..long time)..i will be seeking peace,seeker : the gambler of aptitude(all un..long time)..then i will need to learn about peace then i will be disappointed compeer cause the moment there's a thing there's a path that will thus not be followed if it has to remain different to me.. possibilities look consequence now Phantom(all un..long time)..hence i'll be disappointed compeer to have a body and so on cause it's not going till there's a meaning associated with it that it's present presence itself look in reference from this to it itself becomes just Phantom(all un..long time)..thus i'll be in this mess of action compeer exactly when i'll have to see what is means then there will be a meaning not an answer cause that only discretizes lexicon through oderer of searching(all un..long time)..then it will mean what i was told today by an yet to be born physically that,
i am now/me tell my self why/just to be countering/Phantom thus origination the necessity of rigour not the necessary of cantor..hence to the elusive end welcome never bye(all un..long time)..hence i will think ok if i serve myself there does the self of service go and then this question only means ego strolling through the bushes of intelligbility which is to and why is that if flipped for validation becomes fro(all un..long time)..thus self to your self never hi but hallow(all un..)..hence i didn't understand you compeer if i work here how can you be relegated to solo..unless i'm the Phantom of choice..the reference of commitments in essence of being to intelligence the causal hollow..meaning action look thus Phantom(all un..long time)..but many years ago i did understand you compeer just cause now i despite knowing you didn't understand what's not yours that is the meaning that you want cause again it's the universal meaning in it's own self else how can your self separated from this understand that..decision look entailment says conclusion now Phantom(all un..long time)..so you see this gradual degradation of conviction of me and thee that i'm going through compeer makes my journey all the most enticing..as destiny look destinations the start and end are only the illusion of joy and suffering the opposites, mathematics look thus your degrees of fuzziness of existense is now the conscious Phantom(all un..long time),that's self consciousness though as necessary of soul look self now is Phantom(all un..long time)..thus this countering journey compeer..shh..logically the most provoking(all un..long time)..as desire look at yourself your self in just the reflection now of the potential meaning of being : the Phantom of conclusive reference(all un..long time)..hence without any hold anywhere on in and of self look self-reasoning to be countering itself now turns to duality but reasoning's own self being away from this duality now falls to the Illusion of potency : hence wants to enact sufficiency..illusion look thus to self of sufficiency became just Phantom(all un..long time)..hence you see compeer..(claps..)..this clap or action is no more to it's sound but Phantom(all un..long time)..thus..(claps again)..this meaning to self is no more but consciousness alone thus fractions of it via references to each other to it's own self the holistic is the selves of own image the self of image thus look at the holistic self of Phantom(all un..long time)..thus it's about action compeer what the actor is all about act only it's adverb-to the verb of about it's being not it's self the conjoining ends(all un..long time)-thus being to self is the adjective Phantom(all un..long time)..hence i if real would have to say ok that's the meaning of definition fare enough to rhe next page of rendition void of self thus the dual Phantom carries on(all un..long time)..thus definition to your just described illusion in last page is just the classification of absence in presence..the self of Phantom(all un..long time)..shh..by definition the most accounting..definition look your desire deems your own process to Phantom(all un..long tine)"
Worker1(smile) : "um..yeah thanks compeer it's all pervading self hence um.. it's about the self not being or the reverse depending on how the situation asks the illusion to be thus this counter(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "oh real real..if you're so in self too then look phantom my(all un..long tine)/oh dual dual if you're being..look the phantom of being me from your being shy(all un..long tine)/thus who where how am i/means what is what..illusion to question thus answer don't say hi(all un..long time)..shh..the most self-ish..self look in duality of self and 'ish' you as thy now in being is to me the Phantom(all un..long time)..(a few kids were a bit scared of their pending tests their guardians are having a hard time controlling them,Phantom goes over to them)..greetings compeers are you afraid compeers are you afraid that to what's going to happen to you you can't say hi or bye in reciprocation only counter(all un..long time).."
The kids(a bit controlled) : "um..no you'll hit us.."
Phantom : "i didn't understand you compeers who will be hit thus by whom according to definition of hitting in itself unless you're talking about verb but you're not you're talking about subject and object..hit the verb to your fear thus look becomes an intellectual Phantom(all un..long time)..(claps)..who hit who compeer except hitting itself to hit the self of verb in action..look verb to action thus merely reduced as an act is only the actor's comprehension of action which isn't available unless the actor of noun is equivalent to the self of action thus look act and actor to action..subject and object to fear in itself just became the causal Phantom(all un..long time)..(claps again)..thus fear too to any is only going to be Phantom..shh..meaning of illusion-never it itself,a mere duality of reference-is thus the most entrusting..(all un..long time)..in-trust look trust became you,me only inside thus oh i no more me inside but outside to reflect the sides as thy,thus trusting me look to fear of ramifications of thy in you and i from further there,became action of ing and trust of act and actors thus,hence me inside all homogenous to you oh i,became just Phantom(all un..long time)..hence i asked compeers are you afraid or are you afraid that you know that it's fear hence greetings to desire behind greetings became to the greeted and greeter just Phantom(all un..)..thus now compeers can you be around yourselves being can you trust them enough that they're around you not within to project you around as i(all un..)..look to me my thus became self desire of i thus in self became just Phantom(all un..long time).."
The kids(bit happier) : "um..what should we do then"
Phantom : "don't : the act to self the being(all un..long time)..countering compeers,countering not me but i,just as i know my as another in self..only cause being me is i not me..thus doing now not in lexicon of reference to causality but only IN MEANING(all un..)..in essence i can only witness you as long as long as i admit you're no more me but i just cause i know I's meaning as this(all un..long time)..thus following this causal path referential action look now to it's very own motivation,in self differentiating conjoined selves,became just PHANTOM(all un..long time)"
The kids(bit happier) : "um..yeah ok we'll do this it's um..like.."
Phantom : "more exciting as being but less self demanding than fear(all un..long time),countering LIFE : death of,what's going to be thus never can be to live as a being in self thus so dear meaning life : the death of thus in the hand of so,thus is just oh so dear(all un..long time)..hence Is compeers : oh the fear yet the sane Is compeers : oh the relief from past to future present why bother me go to i your so dear(all un..long time)..direction thus compeers of causality became just Phantom(all un..long time),direction of all abstract and objects of causality-revelation and cessation,became now-as a referring self to only self,the action thus to act itself a mere phantom(all un..long time),hece again and again compeers direction thus by meaning of self of acting being look now just Phantom(all un..long time)..hence if you're the self holistic-you can't act in discrete objects,if you're the being subjective-you can't act in continuation only as different objects(all un..long time) thus if you're the meaning compeers you'll BE just me thus i to my look working as lexicon : the self insuring mortgage(all un..long time)..shh..the most deliberating(all un..long time)..oh countering hence look now to your direction as a being to you the self in meaning became thus Phantom(all un..long time)"
The Kids(happy) : "um..yeah it's going to be like our parents shouts at each other not in our presence sometimes but still we can hear them(all un..long time,..Choiced Brats)
Phantom : "such redundancy in the meaning of seclusion of the already present feeling(all un..long time)..what would this mean to you compeers emotionally though(all un..)"
The Kids(going back to their parents,giggling) : "um..that these compeers are so dear we can't really um..say no to them only their and thus also like our too due to like um..only the feeling in action is all compassing so um..no we can't say no to them or us just our feelings(all un..long time,..Oh Boulder to Doctor you Rock/look has come the Dashing Rock,..Leading Leading Rock,all un..,Brock slaps..)"
Phantom : "action now look to meaning of it's own and also to not it's own self,ever homogenous,is being just Phantom(all un..)"
..(the kids are very happy and tenders their parents,they are happy too)..
Parents(happy) : "tha.."
Phantom : "hush Mr Ms or Mrs..did you notion of you suffered a stroke(all un..long time)/so that you pointed ME from you out just to be i,thus now say not the reference of self the name,but only it's corroborating being the validator hence now say just Dr Oak(all un..long time)/smile of objection hush(all un..long time) has your being to be myself just now poke(all un..long time)/that now you're deciding to be..thus to self now in universal not personal yet specific say professionally just Dr Oak(all un..)..hush now oh fear.."
Kids(very happy,jumping) : "don't name me just say Dr Oak(all un..long time)"
Phantom : "as the you can't point me apart from you thus professionally to fear the universal personality being always so if defined not ascribed(all un..) say now..(all un..long time)"
Kids(very happy) : "fear be me not my else look comes Dr Oak(all un..long time)"
Phantom : "thus to the doctors.."
Kids(very happy) : "uncle or aunty no more just else points it out Dr Oak(all un..long time)"
Phantom : "that don't you go away from me not my..fear and result thus be universalized in profession of logical person saying the animation of fear and object of result both being joined in specific self now as person not the name of description now losing specifications of sentience and inanimation say..(all un..long time)..oh fear oh now my meaning.."
The Kids(very happy) : "meaning Oak(all un..long time)/you can't be being..being Oak(all un..long time,..Pallet Hush,all un..)"
Phantom : "thus fear fear.."
The Kids(very happy) : "hush say just your universal form of consequences as Oak(all un..long time)"
Phantom : "thus personal anything to be professionally so..(all un..long time)"
The Kids(very happy) : "only specify the Dr of the generalization of Oak(all un..long time,..Hush! Professionalism!,all un..)"
..(Later The head doctor refers Phantom to Wolf)..
Doctor Head(frown) : "yeah Mr Bistorter thus you hear the happenings here in the name of ethics this dreg of society is putting all to risk no matter his conclusions(all un..long time)"
??(frown) : "indeed Mrs Futnikagh i'm seeing this you be not worried about this(all laugh..lot)..Mr Phantom did they allow you just as you said i want to volunteer"
Phantom : "indeed Gyre manipulation of waste is ever ENTIRE thus working shifts look temporal spans to totality now Phantom(all un..long time)..and this entails from the fact that we went to the road at our own physical birthplace(all un..) cause we had support of our predecessor here who said he got the support of the vagaries,the destitutes,the physically unfinished people for some reason which we didn't need to know cause it wouldn't have been able to tell us what he meant that support despite meaning is the lexical rapport thus actuation Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "no i have the recording it seems an ocean was underneath the ground perfectly suits this scheme though of self actuation rather than realization but the means was countering(all un..)"
Phantom : "then there's simulation and permutations compeer thus similar copies will come up if asked anything else except dissolution the question can't resolve anything but possibility and potency of being..thus distribution thinking of vigour will only look at rigour..thus mention now Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "thus whatever they or we do it's going to counter us.. application looking at definition.. existence Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom : "information thus Gyre in reaction is only mathematically assured acknowledgement,but it's axiom itself look now Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "the only demand for last 6 years has been to institutionalize your particular citizenship cards as socially secured ones for the fear of ramifications at the cost of possibilities hence i guess for X number of years no matter you'll continue this conversation of interest having violated the desire of knowledge have to be now Phantom(all un..) "
Phantom : "the meaning Gyre of any solution..resolution look Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "we've been able to institutionalize each of your compeers of norms(all un..) expect Shadowy Lantern which was expected but this being ownself got institutionalized the moment you decided to visit homes RANDOM thus the counter to this is only..(all un..)"
Phantom : "one off compeer this being is obsessed with enrichment with technical consciousness not towards dissolution it's eventual ascension just cause of this idea then why not before that lets obesess over it's cessability thus is here looking for as many positions(all un..,..Shadowy Lantern,all un..)"
??(frown) : "well on the contrary is ofcourse notified that it's only obsession over dedication rather than it's continuation is the reason why you're in search of randomness looking for the many opportunities of witnessing traps of self so that now that itself can't control to think of anything else other than relief the dedication thus all you want is looking for various schemes of countering automations(all un..,..Lastly Phantom,all un..)..this business Mr Phantom tell me about the others who themselves committed to being institutionalize(all un..)"
Phantom : "i can only speak of Shadowy Lantern compeer else are only the mirages of resurrection,countering dejection.. continuation now Phantom(all un..)..besides they are going to take the opportunity only anyway if it's given good or bad why not take it in if the destination is only the meaning of opportunity not it's concession..civilization Phantom(all un..)"
??(scowl) : "to pick up as many seeds as possible isn't it A SOCIAL REVOLUTION(all un..)"
Phantom : "that's all of commitment compeer revolting again self,the rouge of realization..competition Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "thus there's no other in the business as it's an opportunity to have a few condensed form so next time i will be the one(all un..)"
Phantom : "countering some..diversity to decision now commited to one point thorough the necessary of conscious self absorption rather than being self conscious the necessity of commitment one of the opportunities of selection..self now isn't looking for not self as not self sees the existing one.. ONE look NESS now Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "yet you're not going forth just cause of this ramifications(all un..)"
Phantom : "unbounded possibilities of statistics of it's confined population..darkness now looking at Psychology with vigour as it's continuation needs to solidify itself..witness now look the ING of presence of specific profession rather than centralised personification is now look the countering Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "what's the destination of the Cerulean Flowers are they your own revisions or your confidents' reflection of presence thus a situation(all un..)"
Phantom : "impossible compeer unless their preceptor is acclimatized in the universalized rather than specialized characteristics of self domination(all un..,..DaisyDevil).."
??(frown) : "i see thus this Rory Kencil isn't the jackal then(all un..)"
Phantom : "none compeer that's what i told you the bush is omnipresent in mentality not it's attached observabilities the den(all un..)"
??(frown) : "this being by the name of Gladly Syndrome is running a dance show by herself about this jackal for 7 years now Mr Phantom and the earlier version in inflicting a doldrum of conditions on self what does the only supporter to both knows the most of the feathers the of Seldom One(all un..)"
Phantom : "following my movements (does a shadow of hand combat and jumping rope movement simultaneously)..stalk..Slalom look now..sqaut jump..seldom(all un..)/self relflect stance..as only is the logic of conscious distribution thus existential column now a jargon(all un..,..The Feathered Ones,all un..)/thus look now it saying hence as it's opportunity to self concrete decisional reflection(all un..)/thus the feathers of relationship is relativity is only..the hallow as slalom or hi the seldom(all un..)..look is asking for ever relfelect-able illusion the analytical column or rigourous jargon(all un..)..oh seldom seldom dually or of illusion's slalom/the blissful if not full now or is so is thus the column or jargon(all un..,The Feathered One)..oh slalom thus or is it in full reflection seldom (all un..)/in fullness of relationship thus practice column or meditative jargon(all un..)"
Devon(very angry) : "Sir we've got the clue which stance of the other foot is advocating the professional personifications(all un..,..The Professional Ones,..Gary and Lillie un..)"
??(frown) : "Davo the things you realize now you'll no more regret when you have to better your abstract half now from lessened is perception amplified thus automatically in conception this is the universality thus of that The Feathered Ones(all un..)"
Devon(scowl) : "i see thus once this desire comes of reflection they are certainly the best professionalized in personal generalization..why are these two experimenting separation Ash(all un..)"
Phantom : "you answered yourself compeer the nimbleness of conviction of being ash(all un..).."
Devon(frown) : "and my daughter came to know this in rather than it's concentrative emotion but infatuation with also it's expression of feelings at the age of exactly 6 and half at exactly the starting year at high school and is practicing it's perfection of decision too clinically for rendition in exactly second year in high school and you believe that we don't understand the infatuation with self consuming rather than sustaining logic of action..(all un..)..you believe we don't understand exactly before the EVENTUAL NECESSITY of personal UNIVERSALISM the THIRD of the third exact year(all un..) what is the MEANING of this whole PERSONAL SITUATION(all un..)"
Phantom : "in hindsight of meaning witness-ING only countering compeer but why would you ask(all un..,All the married couples present except Genkai and Blossom..Caution!Master Brats!,all un..)"
??(scowl) : "Mr Phantom is there any reason why my name is Wolfgang the reverence for a hunter's dedication(all un..)"
Phantom : "oh Gyre Gyre.. instant continuation(all un..)/Oh Gyre look now without continuing a discrete propagation(all un..)"
Monroe(scowl) : "my son the Yellowburst City head Jim(all un..) was told this universalized yet in relflection only a fiction..(all un..)"
..(Recording,Jim with his other half Betty at The Radio station of Yellowburst)..
Jim(frown) : "you're only destroying the relationships of all kinds Mr Hologram in your vigil of abstraction(all burst..)"
Hologram : "indeed when we questioed this to self sufficient thus (differnece-agnostic) hence (difference-in ability),(not in it's own self the difference(all un..)),efficient ego(all un..) it replied,along with the reason of troubles of fluidity in reasoning as instance based rather than object oriented,hence random rather than holistic-countering(all un..)-which entails this situation that is also called a random rather than effective or actuative sojourn (all un..),to be a COUNTER to Babliparasumsogamvok(all un..,..Destitutes of Morality,all un..)!
Daily Daily Left of Right(all un..)/entails the order of Morpheme Scythe(all un..,..Pristine Smite,all un..)/Oh Right of Left to take decision(all un..)/entails the Pristine goal looms The Smite of Hologram(all un..)/thus Daily Daily the personally holographically professionalized neutrality bequethes WaterFire(all un..,..Veterans of WaterFire,Gary and Lillie,Gunag an Poppy and Seth and Mehadi u..)/the detached jackal it's characteristics of observation in compliance to re-observe the characteristics hire(all un..,..The Fitted Ones,Tracey and Daisy un..)/thus Oh Jimmy Jimmy me me..to be my the present hallucination(all un..)/oh Pitty Pitty look to be present..look definition(all un..)/Universality of Personal cessation/the Universal yet geneal application..Daily Daily look specific Relationship just practicing Hologram(all un..,Mehadi and Fressia..Daily Daily This and That turn/to be the indiffeential definition the perfection of Hologram,all un..,Genkai and Blossom..Master Master imputations caution,all un..,unless devoted look at their experiences the business self as one or innumerable brats,countering numbering also while countering one functions or many function the grammar included through meaning each time in reflection, countering to be THUS now in ness function,all un..,Brock and Violet..Look Vulture Vulture Feelinng Lone,all un..,as that's the vulture of education always different to indeffernce of being in self elusively ALONE,all un..,Cedar and Gladys..thus leading them is the conviction of distinct feelings in reflection the feeling all inclusive lone/thus grounding through only emotion of magical attainment expression of the excitement if there thus rather than being is dashing along,all un..,..The Unfolded Ones,Brock and Violet un..)..
thus newborn of Sojourn asks birth are you now here(all un..)/thus the subjecting difference reflects only objective syndrome never dually there only really HERE(all un..,..The EUREKA ONES,Cedar and Gladys un..)..thus encapsulated to BE but also SO binarily not conservatively singular lexicon Seldom Slalom(all un..,all un..)/only to be continuing it's meaning the Column of SO hence revealing the self reflection of actuating Jargon(all un..,..THE MEANING,all un..)"
Betty(very happy) : "thanks dear for this language in the end especially how so,the causality is self sufficient,only through difference,if relflection not compliance entailing from logic rather than meaning,comes on it which only would actuate self counter the encapsulated jargon(all un..)"
Hologram : "Roto Tom Tom change the form name if not a necessity only necessary then change the form(all un..)/asking for the decisional path to determination rather than the meaning of presence,as the self conflicting THIS of That..look meaning says self reflection of universalized NOW now rather than being gives the causal Hologram(all un..)/don't stop oh universalized universal,look just as described becoming the universalized universal meanings of sentences and ideas,look now at the meaning, as to now do what it itself described having potential of again including the potential to mention this very thing-the selflessness of self the the encapsulated umbrella of notion-the consciousness-of selves,turns to mention of counter the taciturn(all un..)/thus countering till bliss,if asked bliss of the meaning or usage of TILL the all encompassing self agnostic dulality only ever look to,look for now in common to both,self relative and also agnostic,look now through,rather than beside all encompassing bliss thus needing to counter this not assimilate that,of isolation of eternity in illusion the hiphen only SELF and COUNTER(all un.., Tracey and Daisy..The Observing thus,detached from active isolation rather than ceassed consolidation,Characteristics of The Opportunists of Hellfire,all un..)..any questions on stopping of linguistic intelligence on its syntactic semantics intellectually denied by semantical syntaxing(all un..)..the tax of being,countering if only but-only-thus exclusively encompassing (all un.)-also,look again a cycle of self sufficiency yet magical meaning of efficiency desires the self only,who being again look who,gives only this as the meaning(all un..)-to be,countering(all un..)..any educational scarcity noticed as part of this non civil representation of difference in difference-able culture(all un..) or any complaints on the stopping using hereby,a conscious heresy-yet being again using so(all un..),here again reflection of mutual not actual exclusiveness(all un..)-only if asked to be hereby not why(all un..),of existential convolutions(all un..)..any mathematical violation of present rules, including the fact that present is only possible if preset thus and hence in two different directions yet saying viseversa in each(all un..),only possible on meanings-the countering rather than encountering reflections-,of parentheses(all un..)..any social security commitments breached via it's,self proclaimed not honoured, conviction(all un..)..any ontolgical opinions on usage of punctuations of syllables epistemologically ignored,despite being only parts of same umbrella of meaning Metaphysics : the REAL self to self projection(all un..),but again to be real Metaphysics must itself be in further self orientation via intuition or automation(all un..),which will require meaning or action but again that must both mean and acted upon which again is a question compeers..ANY BIAS TOWRADS LACK-THE EVER AMBIGUOUS ILLUSION never polar,due to having to be so also including in ambiguity of the polarity itself,along with the question and thus only eventual meaning-why(all un..) it's in itself so like the very ambiguity(all un..)-or is it really so-again thus this speculation can only bequest-not request-so(all un..)-the hallow or hi or
-to just or thus- let it-or this-be-or me-so-or I should-or is to-stay or-go-reflecting a return,also possible in thus also (re-return)-go(all un..),only to relief-or any other conflicting words may be used as self revelation coming interpretation of ever ensuing(all un..)-look comes-also(all un..)-,-ONLY REALLY,-OF ACTION,individually and collectively again a punctuation is justified,countering(all un..)..any complaints over questions on being not made counter-able,countering-to be,only to be-(re-countering),-able(all un..),any logical fallacies or their possibilities,if so then are they convoluted enough,noticed(all un..) or is this inviting through a challenge to find one in own self so that is can be helpful to it's self or can counter what's not so through ego for only self help-impossible unless thus due to ability not self(all un..), ability though is impossible unless there's any self,countering(all un..,..self or countering,or not,not self : Asks Look The-asking yet-Elusive??,all un..)"
Jim(very angry) : "none will remember this this isn't getting PUBLISHED(all un..)"
Betty(very happy, laughing) : "the elusive self service rhymes saw(all un..)"
Hologram : "the rhyme or the meaning compeer which is to be taken or questioned-to be-also this noun being or just the verb BE is included in the question only thus question itself is possible to mean as separate-ACTIVE(all un..),countering(all un..)"..
..(Recording ends)..now tell me Mr Phantom who provides this language of Jubilee to the being not bliss thus non jubilant HANDS-ON(all un..)"
Phantom : "self employment compeer,in Hands-to solidify is also ON(all un..)"
??(frown) : "i see but why unlike your elder twin you don't want institutionalization he convolutes you're the master of deferring the REAL jackal of implementation(all un..)"
Phantom : "it's impossible only in the idea of deferring compeer else all inclusive as the convolution would testify never say,as saying a recurring Hologram(all un..)..of recursion untended a self sufficient inviting deficiencies through a meaningful,not meaning-inclusive though no matter which side ever an exclusive,pun(all un..)..but for deferal i have to be relative to self sufficiency but you see the characteristics of reference in meaning of a Observing devil of attention the watchfulness of a flexible flower only bequethes counterweight not a compliance to the dedicated symbol of Phantom(all un..)"
??(scowl) : "litigation dismissed on inefficiency to institutionalize Phantom not the prepostitional symbol of it along with it's meaning-which is BEING-only so in countering-else which is RESOLVING(all un..) from upon administration,COUNTERING(all un..)"
Devon(scowl) : "we'll see how A SINGLE of your followers ditch society(all un..)"
Monroe(scowl) : "or be able to in the name of humility(all un..)"
Phantom : "thus possibilities compeer are here to counter.. attainment now so ensuing thus now look for both you the witnesses or those witnessed witnessing being now an attainment due to being ensuing of the other two-thus now look dedication being here as a BEING attainment Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "cause attainment talks to another state thus destination would only mean spatial Phantom(all un..)"
Phantom : "as dedication will be no more required compeer the meaning of spatial Phantom will mean the indifference of space now if there's dedication to this there's this darkness of logic but as the nature of logic again means conclusion welcome rigour Phantom rigour though present as intuition the compliance to this potential verb or reflection to the phantom,phantom of precedence in case of nouns(all un..), being now present rather than achievable through another the reason behind dedication would only make reasoning so ensuing compeer rather than enjoying..look now thus the most engulfing illusion on the most engineering cessation(all un..)..real your noun now,you and noun both being dual,now dually look Phantom(all un..),countering cessation,the meaning-which is a COUNTER to itself as being but only it's own self(all un..)-the meaning of cessation in self being I,look the witness to all at being,being itself as is the the witness's own self,is now Phantom(all un..),countering counter-itself as well as as the self of countering itself-BOTH now the Phantom(all un..)"
??(frown) : "and this is only a cheap mockery of the ultimate cessation(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "that's the self countering till self recognizing part of self realizing thus always undistorted Phantom, countering-a and also being the same-Phantom(all un..)"
Devon(frown) : "i see but what's the explanation of the copies of your PHYSICAL appearance in each of Fashion Magazines hum(all un..)"
Phantom : "yeah must be an attempt on the continued Playboy for a holistic Discretion,countering the virtue thus virtually only accessible Playboy-why(all un..)"
??(frown) : "all we want to know is who taught you this(all un..)"
Phantom : "it's a shame compeer that you wasted you precious indifference just to be knowing how its so(all un..)..all along here letting yourselves bounded as me thus depriving the self of my that's just the pointer to the real away thus there it wants to go,only by countering verb look noun Phantom,countering the previous one as though one was only so as a mention(all un..)..i once strangely found that some are called Ms some Mrs but all Mr yet regardless to all it was shown in profession all are actually doctors so then as i was told that doctor is an attainment not existence i heard CUMVORITOMLABOFBUT(all un..)! that's the consciousness self simulating a counter to entertain itself,boredom the illusion the phantom thus duality of feeling i thought must be the Playboy as mentioned in this package the opposing of the opposite denomination,jus
t to be compeers thus has to be-to be or to see no matter necessity,countering necessary the being itself all along execution thus the Phantom(all un..), finishing just to be-countering(all un..),thus elaboration the desire look language now the meaning of this desire if it itself and also it's witness has to be is just the verb of inexistent, no more than existence now being Phantom(all un..),any countering to the last being not convoluted enough to be self or not self,to be countering just to be compeers,being..shh..the most countering(all un..),as I if am becomes is..me look I-the Phantom, countering(all un..)..ing deeming counter as Phantom(all in..)..anything else on objective subject's objection to objectification being subjecting Phantom(all un..)..no(all un..)..thanks(all laugh..lot,Daisy.. Ghastly Phantom Plays The Boy of Lastly Taciturn,all un..)"

Mr Seth Ketchum

17(6)-19(11),Kanto Contest(R.U,Yumn)
20(0)-20(6),Pasio@Dragon Specialist
20(7)-21(1),Ransei@Dragon Specialist
21(2)-22(3),Sinnoh@Dragon Specialist
22(4)-23(4),Kanto@Dragon Specialist
23(5)-24(5),Johto@Dragon Specialist
24(6)-25(7),Hoenn@Dragon Specialist
25(8)-28(1),Unova Dragon Specialist
28(2)-29(2),Kalos Dragon Specialist
29(6)-30(6),Unova Dragon Specialist
30(9)-32(2),Ransei Contest(W,Chongark)
32(3)-33(8),Pasio Contest(W,May)
33(10)-36(6),Unova(W,Krystal,SF-Redzep,QF-Lucent,R16-Potentia,R32-Madeline,R64-Montague,R128-Harmonica@Dragon Specialist,R256-Electa@Dragon Specialist,R512@Unova2-Michael Bugpoi@Dragon Specialist)
37(7)-49(11),Kalos Dragon Specialist
40(0)-40(9),BoDCL
41(0)-41(11),Accumula Town@Gym Leader@General Dragon

Mrs Gladys Iptil-Ketchum Ortiz

13(6)-15(11),Kanto Contest(W\D,Hua)
16(0)-17(0),Kanto Frontier(W\D,Hua)
17(7)-20(0),Johto Contest(W\D,Hua)
20(1)-22(6),Unova Contest(W\D,Hua)
22(9)-25(2),Sinnoh Contest(W\D,Hua)
25(5)-27(10),Hoenn(Q)
28(1)-30(6),Kalos(W\D,Hua)
30(11)-32(4),Ransei(W\D,Hua)
32(5)-33(11),Pasio(W\D,Hua)

34(5),GoFC

Ms Hua Ketchum,46[46,January-1]

13(6)-15(11),Kanto Contest(W\D,Gladys)
16(0)-17(0),Kanto Frontier(W\D,Gladys)
17(7)-20(0),Johto Contest(W\D,Gladys)
20(1)-22(6),Unova Contest(W\D,Gladys)
22(9)-25(2),Johto Contest(W\D,Gladys)
25(5)-27(10),Hoenn(R.U,Yumn)
28(1)-30(6),Kalos(W\D,Gladys)
30(11)-32(4),Ransei(W\D,Gladys)
32(5)-33(11),Pasio(W\D,Gladys)

34(5),GoFC

Mr Weayaya Ketchum/Mr Haithem Ketchum

8(6)-11(2),Kanto League(W\D,Haithem)/8(6)-11(2),Kanto League(W\D,Weayaya)
11(3)-13(11),Kalos League(W\D,Haithem)/11(3)-13(11),Kalos League(W\D,Weayaya)
14(0)-16(8),Unova League(W\D,Haithem)/14(0)-16(8),Unova League(W\D,Weayaya)
16(9)-19(5),Sinnoh League(W\D,Haithem)/16(9)-19(5),Sinnoh League(W\D,Weayaya)
19(6)-22(2),Hoenn(W\D,Haithem)/19(6)-22(2),Hoenn(W\D,Weayaya)
22(4)-22(11),Pasio(DNC)/do
20(11)-21(6),Ransei(DNC)/do
21(7)-22(2),Hoenn(DNC)/do
22(6)-/22(6)-,Judges&Evaluators@11_City Conglomerate


[Bunch
(all Kanto)
1.Naganadel(Poison-Dragon,Pseudo-Legend)+2@Lab
2.Reshiram(fire-dragon,Pseudo-Legend)+2@Lab
3.Turtonator(fire-dragon,Pseudo-Legend)+2@Lab
4.Tropius(grass/fly-dragon,PL)+5@Lab
5.Zekrom(electric-dragon,PL)+1@Lab
6.Duraludon(electric/steel-dragon,PL),2@Lab
7.Garchomp(ground-dragon,PL),2@Lab
8.Dialga(steel-dragon,PL),2@Lab
9.Latias(psychic-dragon,PL),2@Lab
10.Goodra(psychic-dragon,PL),2@Lab
11.Salamence(fly-dragon,PL)
12.Rayquaza(fly-dragon,PL)
13.Kyurem(ice-dragon,PL)+1@Lab
14.Palkia(water-dragon,PL)+1@Lab
15.Aurorus(fairy/rock/ice-dragon,PL)
16.Guzzlord(dark-dragon,PL),2@Lab
17.Giratina(ghost-dragon,PL),Lab
18.Zygarde(ground/dark/psychic-dragon,PL),2@Lab
19.Ultranercozma(ghost/steel/dark/psychic-dragon,PL),Lab
20.Flygon(ground/fly-dragon,PL)
21.Hydreigon(dark-dragon,PL),2@Lab
22.Dragonite(fly-dragon,PL)
23.Tryrantum(rock-dragon,PL),2@Lab
24.Drampa(fairy/normal-dragon)+5@Lab
25.Druddigon(rock/fly-dragon,PL),2@Lab
26.Eternatus,(poison-dragon,PL),3@Lab
27.Arctovish,(ice-dragon,PL),2@Lab
28.Dragapult,(ghost-dragon,PL),Lab
29.Dracozolt,(electric-dragon,PL),2@Lab
30.Kingdra,(water-dragon,PL)
31.Altaria(fairy/fly-dragon)
]@64->(49@Lab+15@Kanto)
Total(64)

Mr Seth Ketchum,42(42,January-1,07:10)

3(6)-3(11),School+Oak Lab
4(0)-4(5),Pallet
4(6)-9(5),Frucifern Hostel
9(6)-9(11),Oak Labs@Service
10(0)-17(2),Frucifern@Colony Monogram
17(6)-19(11),Kanto Contest(R.U,Yumn)
20(0)-20(6),Pasio@Dragon Specialist
20(7)-21(1),Ransei@Dragon Specialist
21(2)-22(3),Sinnoh@Dragon Specialist
22(4)-23(4),Kanto@Dragon Specialist
23(5)-24(5),Johto@Dragon Specialist
24(6)-25(7),Hoenn@Dragon Specialist
25(8)-28(1),Unova Dragon Specialist
28(2)-29(2),Kalos Dragon Specialist
29(6)-30(6),Unova Dragon Specialist
30(9)-32(2),Ransei Contest(W,Chongark)
32(3)-33(8),Pasio Contest(W,May)
33(10)-36(6),Unova(W,Krystal,R128-Harmonica@Dragon Specialist,R256-Electa@Dragon Specialist,R512@Unova2-Michael Bugpoi@Dragon Specialist)
{36(11)-37(5),TR.Ucvr}
37(7)-49(11),Kalos Dragon Specialist
40(0)-40(9),BoDCL
41(0)-41(11),Accumula Town@Gym Leader@General Dragon
{36(11),December-37(5)-27,June,TR.Ucvr}
42(0),January-23(Kanto,Elite-4,vs Lance)
42(1),February(6,Match*)
42(1),February(25),After Pinkenberry(*)
{42(2-17),March17-42(11),December(7/8,Unova2}
43(4)-,Assume Work
43(6),July(2),Show,
from July,4-

Mrs Mehadi Waterflower Ketchum,42(42,January-2)

{Dhelmise},Cradily,Masquerin,Rotom,Ludicolo,Milotic,Abomasnow

Gorebyss,Huntail,Lanturn,Rotom,Minum,Kyogre,{Arctozolt}

Tentacruel,Toxapex,Toxicroak,Nihilego,Qwilfish,Dragalge

Urshifu,Kaledo,Grappolct,Silvally,{Bibarel},Poliwrath,Golisopod,{Crabominable},Toxicroak,Castform

Articuno,Lugia,Golisopod,Masquerin,Arquanid,{Delibird},Cramorant,Swanna,{Pelipper},Rotom,{Frosmoth}

Drednaw,Suicune,Nihilego,Aurorus,Carracosta,Cradily,Empoleon,Swampert,Seismitoad,Omastar,Kabutops,Barbaracle,Cursola,Mamoswine,{Samurott},{Avalugg}

Golduck,Carracosta,Cursola,Lugia,Urshifu,Tentacruel,Gorebyss,Huntail,Rotom,Darmantian,Ninetails,Dhelmise,Ludicolo,Aurorus,Clawitzer,Alomomola,Pyukumuku,Whishiwashi)
3(6)-3(11),Primary School
4(0)-4(5),Elementary School
4(6)-6(5),Middle School
6(6)-9(5),High School
9(6)-14(5),Frucifern University{Philosophy}
14(6)-17(5),Cerulean Gym{Service}
17(6)-20(2),Kanto(R256,Genkai)
20(3)-21(11),Pasio(R256,Seth)
22(1)-24(9),Johto(R256,Paul)
{24(10)}24(11)-42(1*),Cerulean City Gym Leader
[27(9)-30(6),Practice
30(7),Show_Test
30(10)-30(11),Practice
31(0)-32(6),Each 2nd,4th-Sunday,Kanto-2[w,Ruth]
32(7)-33(6),Kanto-2.33
33(9)-34(5),Kanto-3
34(6)-36(4),Kalos~.66(Direct,Filmed,3rd Sunday)[+Ruth]
36(8)-37(5),Kalos~.945[+Ruth]
37(9)-37(11),Kalos-1[+Ruth]
]
33(6),1st Nom
39(6),2nd Nom
42(0),CoE
{42(1),Mrs Mehadi Waterflower Ketchum}
{42(9)-42(11),Unova-2/Pasio-2*}
43(6)-,Cerulean City Gym Leader

Doctor Brock Slate,Brock,+9,51[51,January-11]

[Bunch : 
Golem(Starter),92 Total

(Diancie,Nihilego,Steelix,Krookodile,Heatran,Groudon,Copperajah,Lycanroc,Gigalith,Cradily,Sudowoodo,Rampardos,Probopass,Stakataka,Stonjourner,Cursola,Kabutops,Solrock,Carbink,Minior,Aegislash,Camerupt,Crustle,Quagsire,Nidoqueen),Kanto

(Registeel,Melmetal,Regirock,Magearna,Metagross,Jirachi,Tyranitar,Solgaleo,Archeops,Aggron,Armaldo,Mudsdale,Sandaconda,Rhyperior,Bronzong,Gilscor,Exadrill,Aurorus,Landorus,Stunfisk,Swampet,Donphan),Johto

(Zygarde,Flygon,Carracosta,Terrakion,Lucario,Aerodactyl,Coalossal,Mccargo,Mamoswine,Seismitoad,Celesteela,Shedinja,Claydol,Klinklang,Perrserker,Mawile,Wormadam,Bastoidon,Empoleon,Ferrothorn,Bisharp,Torterra),Kalos

(Zacian,Zamazenta,Togedemaru,Klefki,Corviknight,Runerigus,Diggersby,Cobalion,Drednaw,Tryrantum,Druddigon,Duraludon,Dialga,Garchomp,Golurk,Marwak,Porygon,Escavalier,Scizor,Kartana,Pallosand,Barbaracle),Unova]
-5(6)-[-5(1)],Primary School
-5(0)-[-4(7)],Elementary School
-4(6)-[-2(7)],Middle School
-2(6)-0(7),High School
0(6)-5(5),Frucifern University{Philosophy}
5(6)-8(5),Pewter City Gym{Service}
8(6)-10(9),Kanto@Ground/Rock/Steel
11(0)-13(4),Kalos
13(7)-16(0),Unova@Ground/Rock/Steel
16(2)-17(6*),Pewter City Gym Leader@Ground/Rock/Steel
{17(6)}17(7)-19(11),Kanto Contest(Q)}
20(0)-21(11),Pewter City Gym Leader
{22(1)-24(9),Johto(Breeder+Medicine_Test)}
{25(0)-27(7),Hoenn(Doctor@Study+Travel)}
{27(10)--29(1),Ransei(Doctor)}
{29(2)-30(4),Kanto(Doctor)}
{30(7)-33(5),Sinnoh(Doctor)}
33(6)-34(7),Kitesky@Section_Head
34(9)-35(10),Yellowburst@Section_Head
36(0)-37(1),Juritared@Section_Head
37(3)-38(4),Bosangria@Section_Head
38(6)-39(7),Rimsable@Section_Head
39(9)-40(10),Zipgarnet@Section_Head
41(3)-41(11),Slate-Skechit Lab@Pasio(Co-Owner)
42(3)-,Oak Labs@Work@(President)

Mrs Violet Waterflower Slate,Violet,+7Y,49[49,January-8]

-3(6)-[-3(1)],Primary School
-3(0)-[-2(7)],Elementary School
-2(6)-[-0(7)],Middle School
-0(6)-2(7),High School
2(6)-7(5),Music@Frucient(Sing+Lyrics,7 Cities)
7(6)-10(5),Singing@Cerulean
10(6)-11(8),Kanto-S1
12(0)-13(2),Johto-S1
13(6)-14(8),Hoenn-S1
15(0)-16(4),Pasio+Ransei-S1
16(6)-17(8),Sinnoh-S1
18(0)-19(2),Unova-S
19(6)-20(3),Kanto-S2
20(5)-21(0),Johto-S2
21(4)-22(0),Hoenn-S2
22(3)-23(11),Pasio+Ransei-S2
23(2)-23(9),Sinnoh-S2
24(1)-24(8),Unova-S2
24(10),Kanto(Show)
25(3)-26(2),Kanto-S3
26(6)-27(5),Johto-S3
27(9)-28(8),Hoenn-S3
29(0)-30(0),(Pasio+Ransei)-S3
30(3)-30(5),Sinnoh-S3A
30(10)-31(6),Sinnoh-S3B
31(9)-32(8),Unova-S3
33(0)-33(11),Kanto-S4
34(3)-35(2),Johto-S4
35(6)-36(5),Hoenn-S4
36(9)-37(9),Pasio-S4+Ransei-S4
{37(10),Mrs Violet Waterflower Slate}
38(0)-39(11),Sinnoh-S4
40(3)-41(2),Unova-S4
42(3)-,Oak Labs

Dr Tracey Skechit,Tracey,+9,51[51,January-5]

8(6)-8(8),Venturiastrog@Math
8(9)-8(10),Kalos Contests
9(0)-13(11),Hoenn@Research(S)
14(0)-15(6),Hoenn
15(7)-17(1),Johto
17(2)-18(8),Sinnoh
18(9)-20(3),Unova
20(4)-21(1),Pasio
21(3)-22(0),Ransei
22(2)-23(8),Kalos
23(10)-25(5),Kanto
25(9)-40(9),Oak Labs@HQ
26(0)-30(11),Oak Labs@Owner
41(3)-41(11),Pasio@Lab(Slate/Skechit Lab@Gym->Qadoom)
42(3)-,Oak Labs@Work

Mrs Daisy Waterflower Skechit,Daisy,+9,51[51,January-4]

[Bunch : (Starter),Dewgong(Ice/Psychic)

]

8(6)-10(10),Kanto@Water/Ice Gym
11(1)-13(5),Kalos@Water/Ice Gym
13(8)-16(1),Unova@Water/Ice Gym
{16(2)}16(3)-24(9),Cerulean City Gym Leader(Full)
24(10),Kanto-Show(Sensational Sisters,Show)
25(0)-40(11),Judge@Quaquaversal/Evaluator@11_City_Conglomerate
25(0)-Cerulean City Gym Leader(Emergency/Vacation)
{40(5),Mrs Daisy Waterflower Skechit}
41(0)-41(11),Pasio@Lab(Ranger)
42(3)-,Judge@Quaquaversal/Evaluator@11_City_Conglomerate

{Dragapult(Ghost-Dragon,Pseudo-Legend),Giratina(Ghost-Dragon,PL),Ultranercozma(Steel/Dark/Psychic/Ghost-Dragon),Latias,Goodra,Zygarde,Guzzlord,Hydreigon}->(Starter)}
{Dusknoir(Ghost,PL),Inteleon(water/ghost,PL),Banette(Ghost,PL),Marshadow(fight/ghost,PL),Lunala(Ghost/Psychic,PL),Golurk(ghost/steel/ground,PL),Alcreamie,Hypno,Xerneas,Drednaw,Darkrai,Lurantis,Tapu Koko,Ariados,Celebi,Magearna,Gothitelle,Sigilyph,Meloetta,Tapu Lele,Rapidash,Calyrex,Uxie,Azelf}->Kanto
{Spiritomb(dark/ghost,PL),Confragigus(ghost,PL),Runerigus(ghost/ground,PL),Lugia,Yveltal,Celesteela,Deoxys,Tapu Fini,Tapu Bulu,Mewtwo,Meowstic,Zacian,Zamazenta,Ampharos,Musharna,Zarude,Urshifu,Volbeat,Illumise,Serperior,Orbeetle,Hatterene,Victini,Rillaboom}->Sinnoh
{Hoopa(dark/psychic/ghost,PL),Solgaleo,Tyranitar,Metagross,Lucario,Cresselia,Obstagoon,Grimmsnarl,Thievul,Zoroark,Mesprit,Unown,Audino,Beeheeyem,Ninetails,Jirachi,Diancie,Aurorus,Alakazam}->Johto{75 Total}

Mr Kazuhiro Ketchum,42(42,January-1,07:05)
3(6)-3(11),School+Oak Lab
4(0)-4(5),Pallet
4(6)-9(5),Frucifern Hostel
9(6)-9(11),Oak Labs@Service
10(0)-17(2),Frucifern@Curly Mention
10(0)-17(2),Kitesky@Curly Mention
17(6)-19(9),Kanto@Psychic Cup
20(0)-22(3),Sinnoh@Psychic Cup
22(5)-24(8),Johto@Psychic Cup
25(0)-26(11),Rimsable City Gym Leader@Psychic@Kanto@7_City
27(3)-29(2),Vineville Town Gym Leader@Psychic@Johto
29(6)-31(6),Dendemille Town Gym Leader@Psychic@Johto
31(9)-33(8),Twinleaf Town Gym Leader@Psychic@Sinnoh
34(0)-36(5),Unova@Psychic Cup
{36(11)-37(5),TR.Ucvr}
37(7)-39(11),Kalos@Psychic Cup
40(3)-41(11),Nuvema Town Gym Leader@Psychic@Kalos
{42(3)-42(11)-7/8,Unova2}
43(5)-,Assume Work


Mrs Poppy Waterflower Ketchum,44(45,December-25),Starter->(Minum,electric/water)


{(Elektross,Mantine,Rotom,Empoleon,Lanturn)->Kanto-S
(Huntail,Gorebyss,Tapu Fini,Kyogre,Palkia,Kyurem,Frosmoth,Regice,Ninetails,Volcanion,Grappolct,Kaledo,Articuno,Lugia,Drednaw,Suicune,Kingdra,Manaphy,Phione,Inteleon,Aurorus,Silvally,Urshifu,Nihilego,Milotic)->Kanto-C
(Arctovish,Arctozolt)->Pasio}

1(0)-1(5),Primary School
1(6)-1(11),Elementary School
2(0)-3(11),Middle School
4(0)-6(11),High School
7(0)-11(11),Frucifern University{Philosophy}
12(0)-14(11),Service@Cerulean Gym
15(0)-17(4),Kanto@Water/Ice Cup
{17(6)}17(7)-20(0),Kanto Contest(R.U,Jerome)
{20(0),Mrs Fressia Waterflower Ketchum}
20(6)-21(11),Pasio(W,Junia)
22(6)-24(11),Johto(W,Sarmad)
25(6)-27(11),Hoenn(W,Autumn)
28(6)-29(11),Ransei(W,Amara)
30(5)-32(11),Sinnoh(W,Natividad)
33(6)-35(11),Unova(W,Soledad)
36(6)-38(11),Kalos(R.U,Jerome)

39(5),GoC(5-1-2->Kalos(L),Kanto(L),Johto(W),Sinnoh(D),Pasio(W),Unova(W),Hoenn(W),Ransei(W))
39(9)-40(2),Cerulean@Practice
40(3)-40(11),Sensational Sisters@Kalos[Nuvema]-3(+Ruth)
{41(1),OsD}
{42(1),Mrs Fressia Waterflower Ketchum}
{42(10)-42(11)-8/9,Pasio2}
43(5)-,Assume Work

Dr Cedar Ortiz,47[48,July-13]

12(0)-16(11),Pewter@System
17(1)-17(2),Rimsable@System@Work
17(6)-,Oak Labs@Work

Mrs Gladys Iptil-Ketchum Ortiz,46[46,January-1]@Gladly Syndrome

-1(6)-[-1(1)],Ransei
0(0)-1(5),Pallet@Middle
1(6)-13(5)@Service@Oak Labs
13(6)-15(11),Kanto Contest(W\D,Hua)
16(0)-17(0),Kanto Frontier(W\D,Hua)
17(7)-20(0),Johto Contest(W\D,Hua)
20(1)-22(6),Unova Contest(W\D,Hua)
{22(7),Mrs Gladys Iptil-Ketchum Ortiz}
22(9)-25(2),Sinnoh Contest(W\D,Hua)
25(5)-27(10),Hoenn(Q)
28(1)-30(6),Kalos(W\D,Hua)
30(11)-32(4),Ransei(W\D,Hua)
32(5)-33(11),Pasio(W\D,Hua)

34(5),GoFC

Ms Hua Ketchum,46[46,January-1]@Who-oh-Ringtone(Dice Simulate)/Ms Wijdan Ketchum,46[46,January-1]@We-ah-Forlorn(Bias Populate)

-1(6)-[-0(5),Pallet@Primary+Elementary/same
-0(6)-1(5),Pallet@Middle/same
1(6)-13(2),Service@Oak Labs/same
13(6)-15(11),Kanto Contest(W\D,Wijdan)
16(0)-17(0),Kanto Frontier(W\D,Wijdan)
17(7)-20(0),Johto Contest(W\D,Wijdan)
20(1)-22(6),Unova Contest(W\D,Wijdan)
22(9)-25(2),Johto Contest(W\D,Wijdan)
25(5)-27(10),Hoenn(R.U,Yumn)/25(5)-27(10),Hoenn(Q)
28(1)-30(6),Kalos(W\D,Wijdan)
30(11)-32(4),Ransei(W\D,Wijdan)
32(5)-33(11),Pasio(W\D,Wijdan)

34(5),GoFC/34(5),GoC

Dr Muntasir Ortiz,47[48,July-13]

12(0)-16(11),Pewter@Electronics@Signal
17(1)-17(2),Work@Signal@Zipgarnet
17(6)-,Oak Labs@Work

Mr Weayaya Ketchum@Namely Fulcrum(Quotient Amalgam)/Mr Haithem Ketchum@Gamely In-Form(Potent Pendulum)

Weayay,51[51,January-1]/Haithem,51[51,January-1]

-5(6)-[-3(7)],Cerulean@Primary
-3(6)-[-0(7)],Pallet@Middle
-0(6)-1(5),Oak Labs@Service
1(6)-8(2),Pewter@Namely Fulcrum/1(6)-8(2),Cerulean@Gamely In-Form
8(6)-11(2),Kanto League(W\D,Haithem)/8(6)-11(2),Kanto League(W\D,Weayaya)
11(3)-13(11),Kalos League(W\D,Haithem)/11(3)-13(11),Kalos League(W\D,Weayaya)
14(0)-16(8),Unova League(W\D,Haithem)/14(0)-16(8),Unova League(W\D,Weayaya)
16(9)-19(5),Sinnoh League(W\D,Haithem)/16(9)-19(5),Sinnoh League(W\D,Weayaya)
19(6)-22(2),Hoenn(W\D,Haithem)/19(6)-22(2),Hoenn(W\D,Weayaya)
22(8)-23(0),Kanto Frontier(DNC)
23(1)-22(6),Pasio(DNC)
22(7)-24(0),Ransei(DNC)
24(1)-24(8),Johto(DNC)
25(0)-,Judges&Evaluators@11_City Conglomerate

Mr Genkai Oak,42(42,January-1,00:07)

3(6)-3(8),School+Oak Lab
3(9)-3(11),Oak Lab
4(0)-4(5),Pallet
4(6)-7(11),Frucifern Hostel
8(0)-8(5),Oak Labs@Service
8(6)-14(5),Pewter@Column Jargon
14(6)-15(2),Pewter@Sewage
15(3)-17(2),Freelance Service@11_City
17(6)-20(2),Kanto(W\D,Blossom)
20(3)-21(11),Pasio(W\D,Blossom)
22(1)-24(9),Johto(R.U,Melody)
24(10)-27(6),Hoenn(W,Clyde)
27(9)-29(5),Ransei(W\D,Blossom)
29(6)-30(6),Kanto Frontier(W\D,Blossom)
30(9)-33(5),Sinnoh(W,Nigel)
33(8)-36(4),Unova(*W\D,Blossom)
{36(11)-37(5)-27,TR.Ucvr}
37(7)-40(3),Kalos(**W\D,Blossom)
40(4)-41(11)-18,Elite4(***Hall of Fame=HoF)
[40(4),2-40(6),24(84Days),Johto
40(6),27-40(9),18(84Days),Hoenn
40(9),21-40(11),11(52Days),Ransei
40(11),14-41(2),10(84Days+2@TR.Captivation+1,Outside@Press),Kalos
41(2),13-41(5),5(84Days+1@TR.Ucvr_Team),Sinnoh
41(5),8-41(8),2(84Days+2@Accumula_Town+1@Huntelion_City),Unova
41(8),5-41(9),26(52Days),Pasio
41(9),29-42(0),29(Final)(84Days+7Days@7 Cities+1@Marengo+1@Various)]
{42(2)-42(11),December(7/8),UNOVA2}
43(6)-,Assume Works

Mrs Blossom Ketchum Oak,42(42,January-1,7:00)@GoC
(Decidueye(ghost/fly/grass),Ribombee(bug/fairy)->Starter)
3(6)-3(8),School+Oak Lab
3(9)-3(11),Oak Lab
4(0)-4(5),Pallet
4(6)-7(11),Frucifern Hostel
8(0)-8(5),Oak Labs@Service
8(6)-14(5),Pewter@Column Jargon
14(6)-15(2),Pewter@Sewage
15(3)-17(2),Freelance Service@11_City
17(6)-20(2),Kanto(W\D,Blossom)
20(3)-21(11),Pasio(W\D,Blossom)
22(1)-24(9),Johto(R.U,Melody)
24(10)-27(6),Hoenn(W,Clyde)
27(9)-29(5),Ransei(W\D,Blossom)
29(6)-30(6),Kanto Frontier(W\D,Blossom)
30(9)-33(5),Sinnoh(W,Nigel)
33(8)-36(4),Unova(*W\D,Blossom)
{36(11)-37(5)-27,TR.Ucvr}
37(7)-40(3),Kalos(**W\D,Blossom)
40(4)-41(11)-18,Elite4(***Hall of Fame=HoF)
[40(4),2-40(6),24(84Days),Johto<->Hoenn
40(6),27-40(9),18(84Days),Hoenn<->Johto
40(9),21-40(11),11(52Days),Ransei<->Pasio
40(11),14-41(2),10(84Days+2@TR.Captivation+1,Outside@Press),Kalos<->Unova
41(2),13-41(5),5(84Days+1@TR.Ucvr_Team),Sinnoh<->Kanto
41(5),8-41(8),2(84Days+2@Accumula_Town+1@Huntelion_City),Unova<->Kalos
41(8),5-41(9),26(52Days),Pasio<->Ransei
41(9),29-42(0),29(Final)(84Days+7Days@7 Cities+1@Marengo+1@Various)->Kanto]
{42(2)-42(11),December(7/8),UNOVA2}
43(6)-,Assume Works
Dr Lennon Earmnast,52[53,February-17]

6(6)-11(5),Math
11(6)-17(5),Research
17(7),Service@Ransei
18(0)-,Oak Labs@Work

................................................................
(Mimi and Redzep with Stash's two Zekroms named Check and Roam)
Mimi(frown) : "begin#.."
Redzep(unhappy) : "Ah don't you get it compeer that you don't stir them nor do you bar them nor do you spar then nor do you char them#..compeer why you want to ARE them..the most wondering#.."
Mimi(frown) : "so my profession is their problem#.."
Redzep(unhappy) : "shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo..emblem!#..emblem of existence#.."
Mimi(frown) : "and this is how you train your brats#.."
Redzep(thoughtful) : "if you attended the classes of Doctor Slate you would've said how to engage the fictional maps of this and that compeers..the most mindful#..hence training compeer of identification in essence is a ghoul#..the most meditative#..hence they train you compeer why else are you here devoid of me just to be the most imperative#..right now they have enough attention here you see asking are you aware that to attend you were trying to create an incentive#.."
Mimi(frown) : "as attention the Hologram of subjective i guess the most recursive that's the hologram of question the answer in introductory gymnastics of things the hologram of according#.."
Redzep(happy) : "Doctor Slate pointed it out so simply compeer answer the question of THAT FEELING#.."
Daisy(fits..) : "yeah Dewgie weaken this Totodile# first..ice curtain..yeah now..,
no rush Dase listen to their maze of algorithm to concentrate upon your age of desire the most desirous#..you namecall i got that brat in hands almost ok you ruined it,the hands Dase listen to this taste of ownership that feeling of leadership the most devoid of self-logic#..
1221 see want get DONE#..
Oh Pokemon look is this..feeling though in thing's hand#..
yeah thanks for your time too sir..Ei Dase did you observe that your knowledge was in observation's sand(un..  Tracey,all un..long,..DR JACKAL,Tracey shakes..).."
Brock(laughing..) : "atleast i didn't hinder my beau's career#..like..
Trace listen she can't continue if you intrude her motives ok no matter what you do with the motivation#..
1221 see hush see DONE#..
Oh Mr Slate don't you..understand the objective band..
that just as you require..you have fallen into sufficiency's sand#..DR JACKAL,Tracey shakes.."
Mehadi(fits..) : "Vennie this is a mere question..on if you want#.."
Poppy(fits..) : "no matter the answer..Scyther look bias has crept in the questioner's formulation of want#.."
Lillie(fits..) : "thus oh my sister..don't you now think now#.."
Violet(fits..) : "just ask the detachment..how to be how not thou or thou not how#.."
Daisy(fits..) : "as question in engaged answer..asks if IT is now(un..Tracey,all un..long,Tracey shakes..)"
Gary(laughing..) : "me and Lil signed the official papers just after Leading Crook and Viol flower then we all tell this jackal to do the same why waste your time in rings#..says no each of you are already done so i'll do it with Seth we said best wishes#..Seth and Mehadi un.."
Tracey(laughing..) : "atleast i didn't say like Trace don't encourage her to write and not type her reports#..THE DARKENED ONES,#..mommy told me i understood your position#,but what does this brat want i said i haven't figured it out in all these 10 years mommy also what his brat wants don't bother#..she laughed and said this brat is only waiting for reciprocation which is impossible to come from Colony Monogram as much as Baby Gyarados# then said i asked this during Pasio break that this is immoral#..said,so?do we have to confess our longing for parametric ohs#..THE DARKENED ONES,Seth and Mehadi un..#..but then we sign the papers after Colony Monogram and Baby Gyarados officially ringed themselves#..a-physically#..as was told to me the adverb of the method#..THE DARKENED ONES,#..so both me and Dase knew end is neigh hence to them said good not bye#..THE DARKENED ONES#..then anyway signed the papers then told look-only-at that this is pure lack of character#,so?do we have to complete the procedural no#..THE DARKENED ONES,#..so later it was an absolute claasical drama that these brats played as main characters#.."
................................................................
..(Pedal Ponder{Coffin Saunter}=Looking Vendor@Hibiscuscoast..A Party is going on many youths are there)..
Person1(enjoying) : "no then.."
Ponder(getting in) : "Hurry Time Renter#/Present now,else may be's Coffin Saunter#/Oh My unknown look intelligence is looking for memory for vendor#/thus psyche to return to beauty from physique to biology hurry pedal ponder#/Hurry Sudden Bender#/Attention else look shakiness's Coffin Saunter#/As Sequence Look is asking shyness to be social Vendor#/Satiation thus from memory Hurry Pedal Ponder#/Hurry Notion Asker#/Judge situational limitations else generality's Coffin Saunter#/As Compassion or Lure is look asking definitiveness to be the vendor#/thus concentration hurry to suffering else Attention pedals ponder#/Hurry Maximization Advocator#/Rule down causality else look uncertainty's Coffin Saunter#/Wonder of no or suspected logic look is looking for Rational Vendor#/Confusion thus from desire of definition's resolution to beauty of definablity's solution hurry pedal ponder#..Hurry Dedication Wisher#/shift from personal sorry to professional carry else caution's Coffin Saunter#/success look is asking achievement to tell being to be Verb's Vendor#/thus contemplating hurry to noun pedal the adjective of activity and the pronoun of subject's ponder#/Hurry Alas Facer#/Determine reason of facing else look analysis's Coffin Saunter#/Opinion thus look truth is looking for situation to become it's vendor#/falsity hurry to essence from substance thus pedal reflexion's ponder#/Hurry example sampler#/from algorithm to it's necessity review else look the termination criteria's Coffin on result Saunter#/Goal look energy conserved with definition to be active is looking of self to Vendor#/requirement thus hurry from blank to reflection pedal conservation's ponder#/Hurry Satisfied Achiever being so's tiffin concur#/else limitation of ability's Coffin in definition Saunter#/look unknown thus is asking usage to become intelligence's Vendor#/Habit thus hurry from aim to end..pedal ponder#..
Ci Ci Du Ye Ci Ye Ye Ei#/Existence Hurry Logic Ferry#/Cu Ye Di Yu I Ye Di Euyi#/..(going away)..Consciousness pedal reference's worry#..Stagnant Existence no more carry/moving consciousness..illusion of reality sorry#..Hurry stoppage reach's Tiffin Concur#/Else Passive's Coffin on Tranquility Saunter#/Active look noun for essence is asking strange to be entity's vendor/Imagination thus from fantasy to establishing want as being pedal self's ecstacy's ponder#/Hurry Pattern Grapher#/Co-Ordinate to input focus else given's Coffin on the task Saunter#/As Usage look looking for sequential vendor#/action hurry to essence from execution thus pedal ability's ponder#/Hurry right's panther#/from future to furniture let thought jump else look best's Coffin on choice Saunter#/As leadership is look asking own to be self's vendor#/expression thus from question of definition to answer of condition's pedal rectification's ponder#/Hurry execution enabler#/execute ego too else look memory's Coffin on satiation Saunter#/As Death look is looking for life to be it's essence's Vendor#/Action hurry thus from habit to definite pedal conclusion's ponder#/Hurry Insurance Lender#/from profit to motive forward else look psychological Coffin on relationship Saunter#/As Excess for Success is asking restrictions to be condition's vendor#/qualia hurry thus from experience to facets pedal causality's ponder#/Hurry relativity user#/interface to ignorance journey else look insecurity's Coffin on automation Saunter#/As practicability look is asking ability to be perception's vendor#/hurry cognition thus from deduction to recurrence pedal sensation's ponder#/Hurry Me My Tiffin Concur#/Else look I's Coffin on Thee Saunter#/Alas Survival is Asking evolution to be intelligence's vendor#/devotion thus hurry pedal forth the from multiplication to singularity meaning's lexical ponder#..(goes away)..
..(after some minutes of silence)..
Party organizer(bemused) : "um..are we conscious#.."
Some people(giggle) : "Hurry question reason's Tiffin Concur#/Else thee's Coffin on reference Saunter#.."
Some Students(rejoice) : "as earning resources look lis asking usage to be it's excretion of existence's vendor#/Hurry Fresher thus from campus of compass to answers of Onus Pedal Ponder#.."
All(mixed) : "Hurry Party Enjoyment's Tiffin Concur#/Else Possibility's Coffin on excitement Saunter#.."
Local police_officer guard head(someone called much before,they heard much of the last part of the song,scowl) : "thus time look is asking permission to be progress' Vendor#.."
Some Other Guards(too happy) : "thus hurry Police mind to mention pedal sensation's ponder#.."
..(Later Hibiscuscoast Police HQ)..
Police Head(scowl) : "there's only one way to make this dreg of causality# to talk out of motion to succession#..and that's only possible if the listening is done by you Nihu ehy has your big sis gone out of your control hum you're not turning up and disappearing only waiting for people to pass by the mid-day#.."
Office Answer=Drown Under : "Office look control or answer or just preposition#/Drowning thus desire under or within existence's nutrition#..
anything left out of position#..no#.. fiction thus goes..look fascinated by ohs#..shh#..the most deserving#.."
..(Later some people approaches Pedal Ponder@Crematory)..
Person1(frown) : "Ms Ponder#..we want to have a debate with you#..on effort vs mentation#..we take the side of mentation#..cause# we were practicing well till we met some strange experiences in all our cases it was whenever we wanted to attend we were asked by ourselves,
Hurry Denomination Panther#/Question now else look ponder's Coffin on direction Saunter#..
then when we felt happy due to lack of particularity of self we were asked,
Oh existence you progress's Vendor#/from ignition to constance pedal conscious ponder#..
we come from Maddermint though and this situation only arose since we were denied entry into the proper place where we're connected with as it was said the thing we were looking for can't be reachable through this before some steps we wanted clarity of thoughts but that was told strangely impossible to achieve without us really wanting it so we after some attempts didn't get it cause we really wanted it and exactly when we felt a bit discontented we were told,
ramification..integration..destination..
Allez Allez Allez#/Want Allez Allez Allez#/Trial Allez Allez Allez#/Vision Allez Allez Allez#..Problem Allez Allez Aleez#/Failure Allez Allez Allez#/Again Allez Allez Allez#/Done Allez Allez Allez#..
so we wanted to approach but didn't know how to approach Premise Ordain#..so we returned and this is when we restarted and then your ideas intervened us#.."
Ponder : "Effort..of the most factitious#..Able Section Thus/Conservation now say#..Me Allez Allez Allez#/Thee Allez Allez/Ok Allez Allez#/What Allez Allez Allez#..Hurry Window Hunter#/From Opportunity to Nuances move else Fruit's Coffin on Subsequent Saunter#..Living Hunter/Oh Proven Painter#/Thus Refill Concern/Ah Notion Phantom#..Lastly Hurry Look is asking form to be witness's vendor#/Phantom hurry thus from eternity to opacity Pedal union's Ponder#.."
Person2(bit concerned) : "um..no i understand compeer that if we didn't get anything we always had to resort to last first not atlast last#..but um..we managed to come here with much difficulties financial that is so um.."
Ponder : "lastly compeers..lastly at last#..any comparisons declared in essence#.."
Person3(happier) : "yeah sorry to disturb your form compeer the police is there as an institution out of action exactly for this reason technology for their validation#.."
Ponder : "the most embracing#.."
..(later nearest Police Station they're given a audio catelog to chose from which they do)..
..(recording Juritared Firefront Valley midday scorching heat Lastly Phantom is sitting on a rock)..
Phantom : "Spiri Tomb Tomb Tomb Tomb nothing is spirit Spirit you thus usage's redundance hence bomb#/as you now want to WIN against inconvenience look effort survival of then now PHANTOM#/rain rain coming now coming now coming now/no more reference to meaning death you to living alas look PHANTOM#..counter counter thus next term PHANTOM#..ooooooo..Next Term Silence alas Phantom#"
Lantern(was present) : "then you're found to be known as random Ash obviously out of obsession with being solely though own..Revelation Phantom#.."
Phantom : "knowledge to methods alas the Shadow#.."
Phantom and Lantern(unison) : "devotion to witness..the Lantern#.."
................................................................
(Able Section=Premise Ordain@Unova,some big social unrest is going on at the certain section)
................................................................
Agitators(protesting) : "no we want to know the explanation behind this military intervention"
Military(trying to placate) : "it will take some time you all know.."
..(some scuffles start,suddenly Section comes around)..
Section(singing..) : "go to sleep go to sleep go to sleep my alas#
notion decision leave alone rational class#
hunger desire generation encompass
consciousness to notation now you thus pass#..
go to sleep go to sleep go to sleep oh hi at last#
no you sleep i'm only hallow#..delusion alas#..
projection negation logicians say..
possible not so the feel#..existence to this pave way#..
go to sleep go to sleep go to sleep being..
so to sleep# so to sleep give onto naming#..
go to sleep go to sleep go to sleep oh self
as to be alas again# you will need lexical help#..
go to sleep thus in silence of all that oh#
spontaneous qualia to counter let's so#
referral deferral general oh no#
noticing promising cherishing why not let thus let's go#..
Now Allez Allez Allez#/Then Allez Allez Allez#/So Allez Allez Allez/Thus Allez Allez Allez..
Able Section/Aleez Allez Allez#/Effort of Fractions/Counters Say#
Premise Ordained/Do do do do#/Alas effort/say why to you#..
The Allez Allez Allez#/No Allez Allez Allez#/Hum Allez Allez Allez#/now Cease else Allez Allez Allez#..
Look
Able Section
Counter
Able Section#
Counter
Able Section#..
Do Do Do Do#
To To To To#
Do Do Do Do#
To To To To#
Premise Ordain#
Anchor Arcane#
Swift Question#
Effect Contain#
Facet Cacturne#
Reset Caution#
Effort Fraction#
Modal Option#
cue#..
Lastly Phantom..due#..
Able Section Else Look Phantom cue#.."
..(all were quite till now,now Able Section stops and stays,after sometimes)..
Agitator Head1(bit concerned) : "um..are you the one to shield whose company we were put under such circumstances..expectation alas normalcy now Pha.. um..#"
Resolving head1(bemused) : "um..yeah we didn't do many things rights disclosing them will only create a change in perspective as resolution look to sections the Phantom#..thus um.."
Both Together(giggle to Section) : "bro,why i am used before any effort in essence though it's only the view of patience to get what is wanted and that's included in the very effort as in these fractions..um..what did we ask#.."
Section : "why#..the most encircling#..thus profit to gain hallow never hi#.."
....................................
Brock(smile) : "right Combu get set for your sleeping drill(all un..long,May..Oh Doctor Doctor Season or Reason/Oh my young doctor felt on the free-zone,all un..long)"
1221 think thought ing GONE.."
Bedlam : "Daily Daily..copy left to write/Bounty look thus inscription might.."
May(while strolling) : "together then any slight/entails the Bedlam of axiom's might#"
Bedlam : "considering sleeping me oh/Oven of though looking dreamy silo"
May(similarly) : "Often look only looms this-that/thus light is in chit-listen conserved-chat..
Ei..
Potential boom/Potency as swoon/Potent thus go off now/Potent in essence swap me and how..
Ei..
Bounty Bedlam/Oven Lighting Meaning Pun/Ei Oven now Lighting existence gun/real real thus you just Bounty Bedlam..
right i'm off..next term Phantom(all un..long,May..As Notion you oh of this/This you thus Phantom of of and is,all un..long).."
Brock(smile,elsewhere) : "ok Serrie get your.."
Serena(frown) : "as me you meant i guess#..Brock..Serene-a-Factor,#,..Serena too un..,#.."
Brock(smile,elsewhere) : "ok Bonnie get your sleeping drill in.."
Bonnie(excited) : "Ei..staging paging play/which me determination now you say/that when i can do why when i can't says but also may/thus now it's my time shine..from what is known as mine..just as this in this's essential another's chime#..Brock..Bonnet Bankrupt,#,..Bonnie too un..,#.."
Brock(smile,elsewhere) : "ok Iris.."
Iris(too excited) : "is there something new is i only that being previously known's cue is this you speaking to me or i understand what is you tell me tell me#..Dawn&May&Serena&Bonnie..Irissalad,#,Iris too un..long,#.."
Brock(elsewhere,frown) : "hey hey enough of your educated sleep ok get off from physical awareness#.."
Drew(thoughtful) : "to where Doctor Slate is so ingrained is so known as unknown's percept from a point a position a bias in the very next that if it's there as me or as what i could see..alas Doctor Slate this feeling of something in me creates this body of accept..the most susceptible isn't it#..Shrew the Drew,#.."
Brock(elsewhere,scowl) : "you scoundrel finish preparing your bed enough of 1 hour only another left#.."
Ritchie(scowl) : "so do i have to analyze if i will also be here or as there or here or there in relation of no#..Mr Ritchie Huminas..shuu..Relational Concentrate,#,Ritchie too un..long,#.."
Brock(elsewhere,angry) : "Clem you lowlife get off from my bed#.."
Clemont(giggle) : "how do you know it's not mine#..Claiming's Concerns,#,Clemont too un..long,#.."
Brock(elsewhere,frown) : "Sirich either you sleep else i'll turn on the light#.."
Sirichai(mocking) : "turn on the light..this exactly this is why Viol doesn't like your feeling alone of what is alight as if you don't know it's only intelligence's delight#..Violet..Sir-excuse-excuse-something-already-as-another-been-enough-rich..any turns found in twists of it#,Brock+Violet..The Esteemed Another,#,..Sirichai too un..long.."
Brock(elsewhere,angry) : "hey hey don't sing while i'm sleeping#.."
David(angry) : "shut up you brat..if i don't this me and something not me will make the next too blurred..um..no..rhyme chime peril your being strike/thus oh me no my render strike#..David..Eh Blur/Oh Sleep/Render/Peril This/Render/Fuzzy Is/Eh Blur/Eh This,#,..Photoshop Renders,#.."