 the beginning(all laugh) and that pest really did have the whole package a billion volume(all laugh a lot)..man what a family smooth by all means(all laugh)..
Giselle(fits of laughter,now eating herself) : “man bro from where have you learnt how to teach this brat like this professionally(all laugh)..”
Monogram : “nowhere cause space is relative..(Giselle laughs a lot)..(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(laughing) : “man mom and dad is going to die with each line twice(all laugh)..” Monogram : “yeah I’ve had the recorder and a video look there a cage feels heaven to a herd of trapped mice though countering(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Giselle(smirk,  Monogram firmly) : “not if it’s a baby cot never again just reshaping of the eternal knot(all laugh then smile)..” Monogram(patting Giselle’s head tenderly) : “anyway Gissie do finish eating it’s much late now there’s much left with this brat itself that too today and learn this massage minutely in rhythm with the song we had to at 3 before entering primary rhythms never end cause the idea doesn’t fend if you want to be non contradictory in psychic channels after..COUNTERING(all laugh a lot,cheers for SOCIETY,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON,..)..strange is memory you see spontaneous so sorry..countering(all un..long)..this is no good though as Stashey says and we do concur that i wish the height of the physique was manageable this is why i deem direction culpable(all un..)..” ..(next day noon Curly Mention replaces Monogram,same situation,Giselle went to out at morning this is lunch time..) Mention : “hallow there take a halt to ponder over the FUTURE/cause unlike Tantrum in my case the gaps might be too wide for an appearing well knit suture(all laugh a lot)/take a breath think twice cause you still don’t know who am i/hence don’t expect me to tell you the truth cause it’s only possible to judge if it isn’t a lie(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(laughing) : “don’t you have any brats with you today..” Mention : “well you should’ve been suspicious come here have a sit look it’s CONSPICUOUS(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Magnus+Dawn..Discuss Gap,all un..)..” Giselle(laughing a lot,sitting down) : “you will perform today only else can go..” Mention : “before that I’ve got things that I must hoe..” Giselle(laugh) : “that if I really like Silly(all laugh)..(giggle)..what did you do in similar situations also here is like this..#..Choiced Brats,#,..
way..
to go to go or if may be um..umm..yay if lie..to do or to see
seeing seeing meaning ummm..tune oh discussing thoughts say no self this is my..hihihi simile#..Simile Popcorn,#,..(scowl)..no this should be inserted here not after you reply#..Choiced Brats,#,..”
Mention : “comply the application of persistence#..Discuss Gap,#,..well it’s all a matter you know as they say be involved with whatever be your aim strangely excluding calling your hangout food bill billy(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(bit thoughtful) : “um..no we’ve been friends all 4 for such a long a time I never thought anyone would have any feelings towards any cause atleast from my part I never had on any including them then suddenly Millie one day jumped Cammie then he jumped me inappropriately so I was disturbed then one day Terry said Millie doesn’t know how to be Cammie’s girlfriend which she asked me thus(all burst into laughter) do you know(all laugh a lot) I said don’t talk with me about Cammie he asked what happened I said he misbehaved then he said um is he trying to show Millie by means of negation food for thought(all laugh a lot)..I said may be but why don’t we become a couple too to negate both hum(all laugh a lot)..he said ok but um..like till now I’ve ever thought that you’re like my sis so never bothered but um..now if I want to go to washroom should I never tell you that(all burst into laughter)..I said may be but do tell if the span is longer cause I’ll be like unnecessarily irritated(all burst into laughter)..so yeah it was like that like a..” Mention : “novel(all laugh a lot) thus do you know how to become a Sobble(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(excited) : “do you have one now(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “no I’ve a Duskull and you’ll make it transform but not evolve or devolve to a Furfrow(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(excited) : “do you dance like Randy(all burst into laughter)” Mention : “no you will rather cunning you know if properly executed any trap ever so handy(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(excited) : “just shut up and get started NOW(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “well then compeer follow her and understand her while trying to disprove her and you not male the only warning is to chew again and again till it satisfies never but gets digested thus searches for another opportunity that’s define as a cow(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(very excited,trying to dance with the Duskull who was brought in by Mention) : “just move it ok(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “anyway don’t tell me I didn’t warn you before to think a bit..” Giselle(bit frustrated) : “hey just start it don’t spoil my mood(all laugh)” Mention : “fine it starts then the only think I’ll advice you on your mental states is that don’t add any words to clude..thanks(all laugh)..
Dus Skull Dus Skull SKULL..(all laugh a lot) slow and steady hear the mind blipping this and that see the physique clicking this now you so observe not you leaping I’m not this feel loneliness sipping
It’s summing!
Add 0 with 1 think you’re there
0 was created cause you wanna know what’s no where(all laugh a lot) but see yourself calculating anything only from there thus no way existential sanity is at all fare(all laugh a lot) Oh here’s a Furfrow
So what’s not this is not a Furfrow(all laugh a lot)..
But nobody’s telling you why it’s actually a Furfrow(all laugh)..
Oh it’s a name form
So it’s a Doldrum
That’s sanity only telling you how the grass grows just a Facepalm(all laugh a lot,cheers for Curly Mention,all laugh even more)
up set see the mind kicking
chit chat look the physique peaking
stop not see yourself seeking
hop hop observe illusion’s grip tripping it’s humming! No matter what’s there me or not me it’s dual so hoe The only way to do that is to let it all go By saying as there’s no peace if one always have to dually row Yet peace is there’s once I’m no more thus in viseversa too not what’s not me eternally says Furfrow(all laugh a lot,cheers for Curly Mention,..) Oh it’s so Handsome(all laugh a lot) That’s cause it’s no Random(all laugh a lot) Giving up what’s you and not you exactly which can’t do ever a Phantom(all laugh a lot)..
Hence Duskull no exception
be never bounded by any relation
cause what’s dual isn’t real thus it’s ever just a conception..
Oh it’s a conception..
Thus it can’t be real so no tension
Look you’ve become a Furfrow by no action(all laugh,cheers for Ghastly Tryrantum,..) so now duality is all traction
thus there’s no faction
cause it’s not real thus there’s NO DIFFERENTIATION(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY ABSTRACTION,..)..”
Giselle(beaming) : “thanks bro..it’s so incredible..” Mention : “that s.. s.. wasn’t  indelible(all shake their heads laughing)..”
Giselle(frown) : “shut up you b..(all laugh)..atleast Stash is logical(all laugh a lot)” Mention : “botanical(all burst into laughter,Gary,Cuong,Seth and .controllably laugh)” Giselle(frown) : “clerical(all burst into laughter,Gary,Cuong,Seth and .controllably laugh)..” Mention : “spherical(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(frown) : “exponential(all laugh a lot)..”
Mention : “institutional(all laugh a lot)..”
Giselle(frustrated) : “whatever why do you all spoil the moods hum(all laugh)..” Mention :”well that’s the whole point why illusion is never smooth(all laugh a lot)”
Giselle(frown) : “what’s your trouble cause in general if you intentionally spoil the mood it’s all the more difficult..”
Mention : “the vultures to us uniquely consult(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(scowl) : “thus we can never be free..”
Mention : “else you know for even Hands-On still now it’s a matter of abject failure to get rid of the question why aren’t you me(all laugh)/thus be no hindrance to your Duskull is she can be/going beyond this then on return when she says the same it means its rather a joke cause she knows she herself or not being so can’t ever be(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE TIME,all laugh a lot)..”
Giselle(scowl) : “yeah that means our personal lives has to be sorted out isn’t it(all laugh)..” Mention : “ECCENTRIC!(all burst into laughter) exactly why you’re so happy thinking that now you can be real but not before rather later isn’t it(all laugh a lot,cheers for BANETTE,..)” Giselle(irritated) : “yeah whatever be the GREAT aphorism always why would I not like f.. around with random p.. rather b.. with specific ones(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mention : “this language is important mind all at once(all laugh)..” Giselle(irritated) : “whatever..”
Mention : “be there in your mind/upon duality no matter what be never kind/it’s a point to which the essential honesty is being bind/engulf by it all that’s dual then it’s only that what remains what it is just then find(all laugh)..”
Giselle(smile) : “that’s your philosophy too isn’t it..” Mention : “necessity(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Giselle(laugh) : “man your beau will be something herself(all laugh,Cuong cheers for breezy flower gleam,all laugh a lot)..”
Mention : “unless by then or later I eschew what’s non-self(all laugh)..” Giselle(smile) : “that’s like the best way to have a relationship isn’t it..” Mention : “to reality to forfeit it(all laugh)..”
Giselle(smile) : “yeah then she has to be at the same level too..” Mention : “there’s no other if it’s me all I need is to take this cue(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(smile) : “thus anything else you do is the same way like helping others..” Mention : “this idea of help is dual as much is you thus I’ll ever know there’s me whose not so this idea persistently bothers(all laugh)..” Giselle(smile) : “I get you Cuo in whole the best way to describe it is like to say a um..Gengar(all laugh a lot,Cuong cheers for TYRAniTAR,all laugh a lot)..but why is bro more scathing(all laugh)..” Mention : “he prefers the vultures to be less subtle more lashing(all laugh a lot,cheers for HEY!OH VULTURES VULTURES PLAY/NO VULTURES NO YOU NAY/OH VULTURES VULTURES SAY!..that Doctor Slate now it’s the time to feel/you’re gonna need to self heal..after jumping into PALLET LIGHTS..THE INDIFFERENCE OF THIS DARK NIGHT,all laugh a lot,Brock cheers for GHASTLY LABWORMS,all laugh a lot,Stash,Gary,Cuong and Seth burst into laughter)” ..(same day later,evening,just outside the place where Cameron is getting out from,Giselle hasn’t told anyone of anything,Alberta and Dairus had great fun with the recordings and visuals,Rodrick,Joan,Lana and Pablo too knows they had great fun too)..
Cameron(bit surprised) : “um..hallow..um..you here..” Tantrum : “in plural please meet Mesprit(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(frown) : “what’s the plan today(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “just a stroll through the merriment(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(frown) : “yeah let’s go..(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “just a sec VIRIZION rolls so(all laugh a lot)..(a Virizion becomes visible with Phantom on him,Phantom has a sack)”
Phantom(taking a huge alcohol bottle out of the sack) : “what’s this brat’s specialty silly(all laugh a lot,cheers for VIRIZ,all laugh even more)..”
Cameron(frown) : “you’ll figure it out yourself better PROFESSIONALLY tha..(he’s zapped on Virizion and held up by Mesprit then Tantrum boards Virizion)..”(Phantom turns a video recorder on capturing what’s happening at Virizions back and also another what Virizion is doing himself..,Tantrum sits in front,Cameron middle,Phantom back)..(all laugh shaking their heads)
Tantrum(forcing Cameron to hug him then resting on him,Mesprit takes the bottle as as Phantom and Tantrum wishes makes them drink rest of her actions are like Shelgon as described) : “didn’t you get us it’s 97% alcohol with (),(),(),(),(),(),() and () mixed in 18,12,15,7,13,15,18 and 10% our ESPECIAL drink hum..(patting his cheeks)..SILLY..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Phantom(trying to grab Tantrum from behind Cameron as he touches Tantrum,Tantrum just as Phantom touches him acts as if crying and makes Cameron nudge Phantom with his elbow a bit,Phantom if nudged Tantrum does whining sound as Phantom comes near in the same side of Cameron’s ears from which the elbow is..,in that state Phantom drinks) : “right Mippie let’s follow us neither energy nor the mass(all laugh a lot,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,all laugh a lot,Mesprit does as Shelgon was doing and makes them drink the alcohol and Virizion is going through sky jogging..)..” Phantom(adoring Cameron’s hands in same pose and ) : “any complains honey..”
Cameron(was held by Mesprit now being gagged from behind by Phantom,extremely angry,scared,tears,shout) : “you f.. b..(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom(completing gagging him while Tantrum is drinking) : “Viri Ri Ri Zion Zi I On Viri Zi Ion/Silly hear Grou Do Do O On On On can’t you see I’m Du Du Duraludon(all laugh a lot,cheers for look-only-at,all laugh even more)”
Tantrum : “let’s roll”
Phantom(sing,while continuing the antics with drinking while Tantrum does the intentional drunk hick up with the sound ‘hick’ in-between as described and drinking before each line while singing Tantrum drinks there’s a few very large bottles,while Phantom drinks Tantrum after hiccup holds the rest of the tune) : “let’s wander forever on this merry go round how could you not be be be me(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..(Tantrum mocks hiccups,”hick”)..(all burst into laughter)..
The sky is dark now oh dear hark now you can’t recognize whose she thus he(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,cheers for look-only-at)
A point of action reduces in reaction no dear it’s too spicy(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Wake up knock knock tap water shock shock alas physics probability has turned on thee(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Oh watch stop now please don’t hop now there’s not even drinking water in stock machine says logical fallacy(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Oh technology sing now yes the phone thus will only ring now company calling Sir aren’t you presenting your paper on decision tree(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Help Help Help me sorry Sir forgive me all your neighbours said they have a right to be in privacy(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Is this a disaster oh God oh master my recharge says you’re global connectivity stops enjoy the local vicinity(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Oh clouds pluck now rain rain harp now alas notification pops no matter measuring unit temperature is constant today why prefer quantity to quality(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Oh perfume save us let us stave us alas it reads smells gentle non harmful chemistry(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Door Bell ping ping oh birds sing sing no Sir I’m from the nearby dairy(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Give me oh Give me no Sir please mercy me it’s been exhausted in floors below I only came here cause a gentleman said the delivery boy mistook the address here’s your mortgage’s notary(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Take this and take this sorry sir constructive economics and machineries say you’ve to book in advance for any supplementary(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Door again knocks now honey honey shouts a not male fox now(all uncontrollably laugh,..) I’ll throw the expletive in a toxic tomb sweetie you’re so prophetic I’ve won last night’s lottery(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Ensue oh Ensue judiciary pursue sorry Sir we require absolute extracurriculars to get appointed where to make a difference among all in differences I’m known as a unbiased committee’s biased secretary(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Backstabang oh stab us you all have missed a psychologist’s renaissance there’s mathematical proof now of imbalanced work-life bringing definite stress and misery(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..
Silly oh my Silly how do you feel or to be likely let us please know of your glee don’t you know individuality is honesty’s mockery..(all laugh a lot)..(Phantom takes off the gag and now blindfolds him)..no no just feel now don’t try to see now isn’t your dream always a secret territory(all laugh a lot,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,all laugh even more)..”
Cameron(much distressed,gasping a bit) : “please don’t do anything to my parents(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom : “suspicion of an abduction oh God resolution we will do whatever be the necessity(all laugh a lot)/roaming around in illusion comes to the dilution when you understand throughout then it was this misery of trying to unnecessitate the necessity(all laugh shaking their heads,Seth says,yeah why not this too Mr Skechit why not,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Cameron(crying) : “you f.. b..”
Phantom : “what exactly is a sin/how can it be Ah so excruciating so as to constantly afflict one like a burning pin(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Cameron(crying) : “you b..”
Phantom : “what afflicts you now Silly PHYSIQUE or mind/if any or none or both do elaborate what’s it’s kind(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Cameron(now a bit controlled) : “you b.. this duality itself will kill you SYSTEMATICALLY you..(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Phantom : “Wisdom is to be what’s not dual/how can you know then itself that you’re not being plural(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Cameron(much controlled) : “I see so it’s a logical game rather fair enough I’ll play(all laugh a lot cheers for HEY!OH ONIX ONIX PLAY!/NO ONIX ONIX SAY!,all laugh even more,Brock slaps himself laughing)..”
Phantom : “then my dear oh dear please answer me not in any fray/you see we’ve so much more designed for your conscious service at this existential trey(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Cameron(frown) : “when you become reality the illusion is no more hence there’s no need to know it..”
Phantom : “but then in illusion too there’s absolutely no need to sow it(all laugh)..” Cameron(frown) : “thus you can be inhuman all you want..” Phantom : “if I’m to be a human that’s what I wouldn’t want(all laugh)” Cameron(frown) : “then why aren’t you there not killing people here PROFESSIONALLY like this(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “strange is the view of illusion Silly never gives probabilities a miss(all laugh)” Cameron(frown) : “then at this rate you never become what you want so badly..” Phantom : “if I wanted it what it’s not would’ve pitted against me so madly(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Cameron(frown) : “so you’re just a defeated miserable being” Phantom : “thus victory will forever ring(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Cameron(frown) : “well there’s no point to talk with then with such monsters” Phantom : “exactly why you’ll always see them give up this sanity to be a non-star(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(a bit flustered): “um..what do you mean..” Phantom : “exactly my question that’s a sin” Cameron(now beams,  both Tantrum and Strawberry) : “no more than the spinning of wheel once more ever illusive thus it itself will always give the warning” Phantom(messing up Cameron’s hairs,Tantrum continues to adore Cameron’s hands) : “hence duality is to be eschewed the best if reality itself does sing” Cameron(broad smile,same pose) : “hence no matter what I’ll always be real thus duality can no more being..thanks Seth and you too bro” Monogram : “it’s not fare to discriminate forms by means of names to or fro(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(laugh) : “your real name is what describes you the best in abstraction like anyone thus this brat will be nonobjective says the HALL OF VULTURED FAME(all laugh a lot)..(all three hug each other quickly then comes down at a secluded place)..and no we all know Lastly Phantom isn't subject to wishes only processes..witness to validation your presence look Phantom#..Lastly Phantom,#,..” Monogram : “Spiri Ri RI hihi hi/oh witness chemistry/with alas look you becomes my hollow..that's faculty's..oh that to perception Phantom#..The Daily Phantom,#,..by the way Backstabang’s name is indeed perfect ain’t it in terms of effect(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “affect indeed(all laugh)..” Cameron(again   both,smile) : “well I’ve found my bros indeed” Monogram&Tantrum : “PHYSIQUE is an hindrance to being eternally select(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(laughing) : “yeah obdurate(all laugh)..but um..I understand the psychic charges must be nothing to this drink but still how have you 3 made up yourselves to be such absurd(all laugh)..” Monogram : “just to be called a b.. or what(all laugh shaking their heads” Cameron(smile) : “if only rightly..” Monogram : “collaboratively(all laugh a lot)..anyway..(getting on Virizion..) I’ll have to go it’s only your home out of illusion nothing else no you must be hungry now your parents worried but you have a long long long way to go Silly emotions never speaks ELABORATELY thus of yourself be torrid..welcome never bye(goes away)..(all laugh..lot)” Cameron(a bit concerned) : “hey..”
Tantrum : “don’t bother with me you’ve to spend the full night at your room countering professionally ever hallow personally never hi..(Cameron laughs a lot)..(all laugh a lot)”
Cameron(laughing..) : "but i wonder why exactly you and Poppy weren't singular as one#..no don't bother Randy Tantrum isn't available to destination only connection#..Devout Ration,#,.."
Mention : "pivot rivet why want seer and to act/oh devout thus i to you guise of fact#..Devout Ration,#,.."
..(getting into Cameron’s room,later at night after dinner)..
Mention : “what do you know of Psychics Cammie please tell me rhyming with Clefairy(all laugh)..”
Cameron(laugh) : “it’s the home ground of utmost ghosts just that(all laugh)” Mention : “why are you too happy with what you’ve been told DESPITE your gender being visible to you(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Cameron(smile) : “well as I said I’ve understood that it won’t matter cause I surely can see a path do everything possible to combat the vultures illusive by neither being nor becoming but understanding the eventual that they’re not real thus illusive thats all..” ..well then comes that song(all laugh)..so this goes but before proceeding to the next part I want to ask that wasn’t I logical in my sequence Dase wasn’t I Dase wasn’t I rhyming with Darkrai(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(laugh) : “yeah countering college-bullies(all laugh a lot)..” Stash(laugh) : “this sequence is something that actually reminds me that what do you do if your beau before marriage doesn’t say or feel anything despite you telling him in VIVID language that he’s your hubby(all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Seth(laugh) : “check if this matches cause this is why we both knew that Dr Tracey The SuperFox Skechit is indeed OH!SO GLORIOUS!(all laugh,Tracey shakes his head laughing)/No I won’t give in,Yes I won’t give in till I sketch it down no matter any form of EXISTENTIAL CACTUS!(all burst into laughter,Daisy and Tracey uncontrollably laugh)…
Let’s shake our reality..
C’mon... dance to the conscious tune.
That existential workout is a boon.
So that once more we’re healthy no matter later or soon(all laugh a lot,..)

Head, shoulders, knees and toes,
Knees and toes Knees and Toes(all laugh a lot,..) Aligned properly says physique subtlety says reality absolute oneness indifference is in mind who thus declares I too am ready for emotional highs and lows(all uncontrollably laugh,..) And eyes, and ears, and mouth and nose,mouth and nose,mouth and nose..(all laugh a lot,..) mind says if unattached from will give you the actual insight how does feel a flower without asking if it’s a Daisy or a ROSE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)

So march march march Oh Let us all March(all laugh a lot,cheers for Dr jackal,..) search search search for the bird not where it perches(all uncontrollably laugh,..) March March March Get your body charged(all laugh a lot,..) Lurch all decisions Lurch if there’s no support natural becomes the conscious arch(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Jump Jump Jump, Lets all Jump No attachment no gravitational rump,no illusion of duality thus above too you won’t bump(all uncontrollably laugh,..) clump clump clump,existence and consciousness clump dump dump dump if many things are clumped together haphazardly no matter physical,mental,emotional or illusive it’s called the yard of dump(all uncontrollably laugh,..) So Jump Jump Jump, make your muscle pump That if your discerning prowess slump it forms into a thing which is natural as it’s defined as not you thus has to change to encompass more thus it shreds off even if it doesn’t a surgeon sees the main body and how to protect it the most not what happens to the lump(all uncontrollably laugh,..) Punch Punch Punch,Let’s all Punch There’s always a reaction before and after it discerning it to be illusive with respect to the discerner and the idea of absolute thus the discerner too cause that’s the reaction of discernment of self which at first declared itself to be so thus in between all is the peace you’ve known what’s crunch(all uncontrollably laugh,..) So Punch Punch Punch, Have a hearty munch Cause if you want yourself in the lunch or don’t what’s not you and what’s you will be served thus don’t try to be yourself or what’s not you cause then you by either going out of it or staying within create another new conscious bunch(all uncontrollably laugh,..) So Sketch Sketch Sketch how what’s not you the reality and duality is ever in a non ending race(all laugh a lot,..) Thus stretch stretch stretch and understanding thus what’s you being in same condition give up this sanity of difference knowing this to be self contradictory because it only hinders it’s premise which is again relative to the method of proof thus illusive thus reality you will TRACE(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for Dr Tracey the SuperFox Skechit,..) If you say I’m me you’ll have to prove it by not being thee thus you only prove thee in reverse you’ll only prove me thus you can’t get either thee or me says the Tracey of Unity(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Stash(laughing a lot) : “thus no difference can exist hence I won’t ever say the words as that proves to be different not IDENTITY(all burst into laughter)” Mallow(laughing a lot) : “man Dr jackal has absolutely nowhere to hide now cause like if he does it’s only cause he’s searching to get out of this indemnity(all burst into laughter)..” Daisy(fits of laughter) : “and on the day of VERBAL discernment(all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing) right after the moment said this is a confession of logical fallacy(all uncontrollably laugh,..) “ Gary(fits of laughter) : “man how is he going to work again like I’M THE FOX OF PRACTICABILITY(all unocntrollably laugh,..,Tracey too uncontroolably laughs,..)..” Tracey(fits of laughter) : “because I didn’t say still it’s the language of heart thus only conditioned by and thus confined to personality(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Stash(laugh) : “well first we come up there was so much resistance against Trace even from our own block atleast Doctor Slate was a gym leader this was an epitome of an unemployed vagabond(all laugh) so then he first faced them they all asked him to show the hardest route to duality said um..when a sight is seen isn’t the very first feeling a bit..um..explosive(all burst into laughter)..but if one is um..detached from the direction then can’t it become a bit um..implosive(all burst into laughter) and um..doesn’t this whole system of existence rely on consciousness both manipulated in a way that is best expressed by the word um..plosive(all burst into laughter)..thus if they are allowed to run free won’t eventually due to their contradictory nature of each other and the self doesn’t the whole phenomena of duality or reality become a subject that’s governed by the dual meaning in context of this the word being um..corrosive(all burst into laughter)..so all said..” All in Unison except Tracey(laugh) : “gentleman-looking-most-cunning fox(all laugh a lot,..)” Tracey(laugh) : “I’ll show your brat-in-law tomorrow how ponytails can be corrosive too(all laugh a lot)” Mallow(laugh) : “like hunch hunch hunch if you pick up the fallen hairs you can once more make another ponytail without growing your hair that’s called the formation of wigs thus HURRY!IT FLIES!pick it all in bunches(all burst into laughter,Lillie uncontrollably laughs  ary,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Seth(laugh) : “man smoothness by all means(all laugh a lot)..anyway let’s Trace march on UNTO THE HELL(all laugh a lot,Tracey laughs saying,Methodically,all laugh even more)..monotonously(all laugh)..” Stash(laugh) : “so this is next right after the song..
Cameron(bit dejected) : “what more would’ve I done to her huh may be hug her too closely that’s all I know her since 3 it would’ve been self contradictory if I went further than that it would’ve been outright refusal if it was..”
Mention : “reflected(all laugh a lot)..which won’t refract much would it due to similarity in objects(all laugh a lot)..”
Cameron(disappointed) : “no I understand I behaved like a h.. b.. who can’t control his o.. s.. l.. by himself(all laugh shaking their heads) but she didn’t help it thus is my confusion cause I only held both her hands you know so that she could kick me if she did that and indeed she did meant she can’t remain non-psychophysical either isn’t it(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Mention : “integral yeah(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Cameron(disappointed) : “hence I was confused all along you know the day Millie jumped me much before which is how infact I came to know the existence of this feelings actually validating myself that indeed I was a h.. p.. when I for may be a few months wanted to be in the vicinity of Gissie too much just to e.. a bit quickly(all laugh shaking their heads) so I only confessed that I was a b.. to her hence all was right but she didn’t show me the reality non psychologically but physically meant she was no good in hindsight either(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..and Millie only jumped me saying um..what if we become beaus what would you do what would you think what would you be(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Stash and Seth cheers for ARTISTIC BEAU MONITORING)..anyway then rather Terry agreed to be Gissie’s axial beau(all uncontrollably laugh,..) which is from both a reaction only Millie was simulating before Terry aid um..I should too cause it’s logical isn’t it Cammie(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..so I said well may be but I don’t like it Terry not that in gross it won’t be still best for any or all but in reality it’s what’s called the significance of the statistic being held abstract not concrete(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Mention : “my objection against your thinking would be abstract or concrete the admission of existence of the statistic makes it discrete(all uncontrollably laugh,..)thus there’s no way but to discreet thus you went to again quite natural this repetition that’s just to excrete(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Cameron(smile) : “indeed bro I get you it will be real test tomorrow you know no matter what given Gissie,the brats and my family there too it’s be..like(laugh) the most enthralling(all laugh a lot)..” Mention : “the art you know says that because there’s plurality yet only singularity is what’s the necessity hence to fulfill unbinding the necessary you must connect causality by means of unnecessiating(all burst into laughter)..thus it won’t matter hence it won’t cater as your existential butter thus you will be categorized as indelible true yet utter(all burst into laughter)” Cameron(laugh) : “yeah like as Phantom said so ghastly in appearance each of the individuals if different you are only treating them as objects thus is their rage against you not what you’re saying but they are claiming themselves to be subjects thus in reality they know they can never be the object thus no object exist cause by that definition they only serve to contrast the self to prove it’s uniqueness so the objects don’t exist except the subjects’ own project hence this is rather like a revolution(all burst into laughter)..” Mention : “any of which is only build as a reaction to revolt against the same thus the action revolts back to the reaction which is only revolting against the action hence no action is plausible to start with if it has a reaction(all burst into laughter)”
Cameron(broad smile) : “thus there’s no point to create factions..” Mention : “Vultures would say that’s fraction(all burst into laughter)..” Cameron(laugh) : “indeed thus there will be no action(all laugh)..no wonder your siblings are not at all sane(all laugh a lot)..” ..(next day after lunch,Strawberry with Cameron at his school suddenly going..) Security : “excuse me sir but I don’t think..” Strawberry : “knew me personally before so do now professionally thanks(all laugh a lot)” Security : “um..you’re..”
Strawberry : “an abdicated Bewear anything else..no..thanks(all laugh a lot)..” ..(Inside)..
A security : “we’re sorry Sir but..”
Strawberry : “generally or specifically(all laugh a lot)..” Security : “well it’s an issue of safety for non-professionals(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for PERSONALLY PROFESSIONAL MOLING)..”
Strawberry : “generally or specifically be professional with me(all laugh a lot)” Security : “well it’s a general rule by which..” Strawberry : “you’re governed professionally not personally hence how can you be specific(all laugh a lot)..” Security : “look..”
Strawberry : “fluke(all laugh a lot)..consider it as a fluke that I know how to handle myself professionally not personally thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Security : “we’re sorry Sir but..”
Strawberry : “don’t put yourselves in a situation where you may have to specifically Facepalm..welcome thus Beldum Beldum..(all laugh a lot)..(a few Beldums appear)..”
Security : “nice to meet you Mr Berry(all laugh a lot) but still we personally need to seek permission you see to be professional the most(all laugh)”
Strawberry : “try that before allowing me to enter and see these two evolve right now generally not specifically(all laugh a lot) and if you try to prevent me further you know what happens PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh a lot)..anything else..no..thanks(all laugh)”
(gets in the pokemon section)
Someone : “hallow Sir I don’t..”
Strawberry : “think I know you professionally don’t worry and meet these two they’re out for a stroll after much corrective measures on their personal approach to professional entrepreneurship how to establish a system best fitted to generalize causation yet say that it’s for this one in specifications thanks(all laugh a lot)..”
Someone : “folks we better empty this place you know..(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “professionally no need to be in person thanks(all laugh a lot)..” An authority figure coming in : “look we are only running a school ok..(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Stash cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all laugh even more)..” Strawberry : “specifically not generally(all laugh a lot)..anyway I come here to have a chat with Mr Cameron Nitolsil if he’s present today which I can confirm you cause generally I remain busy professionally never as a person(all laugh a lot)..anything else..no..thus compeers show me a place secluded to let my thoughts to professionally row..thanks(all laugh)..” An Authority Figure(scowl) : “Mr Nitolsil’s performances and behaviour ESPECIALLY hasn’t been right(all laugh a lot) since a certain point in temporal scale best comprehended by specifically you in person(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “hence you’re afraid that he may be at personal loss regarding his profession cause he’s too focused in it isn’t it(all laugh a lot)..” Authority Figure : “regardless of his personal life the fact that he can’t pass..(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “as a person never as a professional(all laugh)..just for your clarification no professional has ever succeeded unless they’ve got the better of their personality no matter may be the last moment of their illusive span through human existence the taste of non psychophysicality is the only profession that’s projected through illusion hence your apprehension is implausible(all laugh a lot)..you see it’s your choice what you’ll decide but there’s a new clause regarding exceptional aptitude in pokemon profession in the Elite4 books unless the enforcers admit to new changes by being themselves not someone else that they try to be to eschew the self that they claim so viciously for in terms of freedom themselves so you know the best..” Authority Figure(scowl) : “who will judge it(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “professionally indeed(all laugh a lot)..and that’s exactly what I said why you despite wanting yourself don’t want to be you that’s not it(all laugh a lot)..you might’ve heard about Pallet high I guess(all laugh)..” Authority Figure(scowl) : “and a herd of 25 brats out of whom a very very special one despite topping there at middle of school in pokemon related subjects has REFUSED to continue his studies due to certain PROFESSIONAL influences(all laugh a lot)..the rest sends their representative who take the weekly homework from the teachers cause it’s so(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..so yeah it’s only imperative who has given them this personal lease of professional hoe(all laugh)” Strawberry : “that’s the future Sir cause it’s present(all laugh a lot)..” Authority Figure(frown) : “yeah we’ll see the finances about that(all laugh a lot)..(Cameron coming in)..right Mr Cameron Nitolsil this man needs no introduction PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh) and as a person to you too thus from today onwards you’re free to choose your profession impersonally henceforth you’re rusticated from here with a vote of no confidence..” Cameron(frown) : “thanks..as for the finances it’s Elite4s responsibility you see ours just connectivity..anything else..no..you’re welcome(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash,Gary and Seth cheer for CHOICED BRATS,..)..” Strawberry : “just that Sir that he will have to be allowed to complete his degree from here itself impersonally(all laugh a lot)..” Authority Figure(scowl) : “yeah it’s recorded and going to Kanto General Government Judiciary thanks..(all laugh)” Strawberry : “Mr Dennis Flemming is very appreciative of professional ranks you’re welcome..(all laugh a lot)..” (Cameron and Strawberry are zapped out by a number of pokemons) Strawberry : “so let’s go to the backyard then your wife is already there since yesterday Warden does a good job showing up for transportations then throughout remaining personally numb thus professionally calm(Cameron uncontrollably laughs,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,..)” Cameron(laughing a lot) : “man facepalm by each bit(all laugh a lot)..anyway still only best fiends lets go(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “hoe..be professional with me(all laugh a lot)..” Cameron(laugh) : “I hope Gissie is alive still(all laugh)..personally yeah(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “it’s a whirl Silly of personality today for you as I hear last night you were specific(all laugh a lot)” Cameron(laugh) : “well the basic thing is that if I have to survive say against a Turtonator in psychic channels no way I can remember myself psychophysically hence the outside existence may not be of any significance PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “an illusion AUTOMATICALLY(all laugh a lot)..” ..(next day evening Tantrum reaches at Pablo’s gym)..
A security : “um..excuse me Sir but a Hakamo-O(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “is susceptible to be a Murkrow indeed(all laugh a lot) Mr Randy Tantrum Bosangria Sewage rusticated that was public this private is there a vacancy here no matter your answer may we proceed rhymes saw(all laugh a lot)..” Security : “inside Mr Dislom’s office please(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “right indeed SO NICE(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” (Tantrum goes inside a few students were practicing they are taken aback a bit) A Student : “hey you..”
Tantrum : “sorry Sir but I afraid today you’ll have to be the most concentrated(all laugh)..” A student : “was that a challenge son(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “you’ll answer yourself Hikkie(all burst into laughter)..(Hakamo-O becomes visible)..” A student(schoked) : “OH NO IT’S TANTRUM(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “Indeed Sir indeed(all laugh)..anyway it’s ok you continue to aspire and perspire for your goal so elusive so..” A student : “enough with it ok just leave us(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “yeah I do recognize you Sir indeed(all laugh)..anyway you’re right all I have to do is to wait for Ms Mildred Dislom to come and then we can have a discussion at Mr Pablo’s office any problem with it(all laugh a lot)..” A Student : “I see hired the outlaw of morality(all burst into laughter,Stash and Seth uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits of laughter)..” Tantrum : “a law is established only if about the concerns there’s lack of mystery rhymes saw(all laugh a lot)” A student : “yeah enough we’re sorry for not treating her well all times ok(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “ethically(all laugh a lot)..you were moral and honest in joviality/these days of youth you know gives the best hope for senility(all laugh a lot)..” A student : “sorry didn’t hear you bye(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “Hikkie UNBOUND(all laugh a lot)..
years go by/remaining oh so shy(all burst into laughter)/the purest beings proceed then to die/illusion dictates hence next time say hallow never hi(all laugh a lot)..”
A student(frown) : “so that physicality bids a good-bye/out of which this Hakamo-O here is going to abide by yeah I understand(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “you seem to be in consonance then with resonance of of your heart’s own beat/it pauses then reasserts the middle compeer confusion or diffusion which one then gets hit(all laugh)..”
Student(frown) : “abnegation from duality only a model of the same just the enigma that lits/the fire to go beyond all of this duality never goes away no matter neutral or in an emotional fit..”
Tantrum : “emotion comes from the matter of discernment whether to take it or leave it or just burn in the pain piling infinitely heap after heap/thus compassion has no place in duality if there’s no being how can the pull of illusion create one as it’s comfortable seat/thus in the advent of duality it’s ever the idea of being most neat/that there’s no way there’s two hence nothing is excluded cause else it sings only a dual beat(all laugh)..”
The Student(frown,trying to shake hands with Tantrum) : “nice to meet you a pleasure indeed(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “flesh and blood smeared on a piece of bone why bother about PHYSIQUE(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
The student(frown) : “I see then the the same can be said of your compeer here in different form..” Tantrum : “norm(all laugh a lot)..”
The Student(frown) : “I see ethics in due honesty(all laugh a lot)..you intrigue me much Randy just that..”
Other Students(very irritated) : “hey Wayne go outside or take this brat out of our sight WHICH is looking at us minutely as if enjoying our practice more than us(all laugh a lot,cheers for MENTALLY,Seth,Gary and . into laughter)”
Tantrum : “Mr Wayne I see sadly in specific(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “Mr Stash Ketchum in general ETHICS(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “you seem to be an amateur rather by every means(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Wayne(scowl) : “for your insinuations it’s just like a mistake of the cameraman while shooting the scenes(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “hence you want to boo in audience spoiling the beans(all laugh a lot)/a fish is dried up useless unless you use TINS(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Wayne(scowl) : “I see a defender of due SUBTLETY(all laugh a lot,cheers for I’M THE TRACEY OF SUBTLETY,all laugh even more,Tracey shakes his had laughing)..” Tantrum : “efficacy(all laugh)..”
Wayne(scowl) : “what do you want”
Tantrum : “given you I don’t believe you’re being honest with yourself while taking the money that you know against anyone how to not apprise yourself to be this time for sure to be an avant(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Wayne(scowl) : “surely to you that’s reserved for the opponents” Tantrum : “of duality that it’s a matter of desire that binds us together hence universality makes us just it’s enslaved proponents(all laugh)” Wayne(scowl) : “I see finally honesty in due morality(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “corrosively(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “would you care to have a drink at..” Tantrum : “Mr Pablo’s office indeed(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “let’s move(all laugh)..” (Wayne and Tantrum comes in Mr Pablo’s office) Tantrum : “your can sit with Hikkie I prefer exchanges in morality(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “no troubles(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “thanks have a peg I prefer full bottles at a time if requested after a heavy meal cause it gets easily digested only if no work is pending afterwards or requested thanks(all laugh a lot)..so you seem to act on impulse rather than emotion Mr Wayne what’s the difference may I know(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “the first helps you to combat reality the second befriends duality(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “what are the specifications for you being here(all laugh)” Wayne(frown) : “I guess you’re a master peer to fear(all laugh)” Tantrum : “my assumption would be to specify generality Mr Wayne ever futile dear to bear(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “hence is your attempt in same vain tear to tear” Tantrum : “in the end it comes of no fruition or even if it does yet doesn’t go away it’s just spear to dear(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “why are you intentionally getting on people’s nerves(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “a sentence is incongruous without a verve(all burst into laughter)..” Wayne(frown) : “thus you admit you can’t get rid of your thirst for actions” Tantrum : “just a matter of enjoying,relaxing or fretting over an irrelevant auction(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “what exactly do you want to achieve by this all” Tantrum : “if there’s water above me without support why it won’t fall(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for TOO SWEETIE,all laugh a lot,Seth laughs a lot  ehadi very firmly,Mallow too laughs a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “do you understand you can hurt people” Tantrum : “no more than what is cured if consumed per day an apple(all burst into laughter)” Wayne(frown) : “so you consider yourself to be the vitamin of life(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “rather them are my examinations if I really am in a strife(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “hence you roam around proving all wrong” Tantrum : “it’s strange to me why difference to me is such a nice song(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “what’s the assurance that you have so that you boast yourself to be honest..” Tantrum : “from duality if I can’t go through the forward route the next best is there till the worst all will still soothe/displacement is only relative becomes not so if wrapped in velocity/honesty or the lack of it illusion till goes away has it’s own ferocity(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “you started too well now it seems you’re losing yourself here(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “may be or may be not reality is ever there(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “that’s for people who has been stuck(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “the observer thus from any side gets to know how to not(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “to me it’s all just a play of ego(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “hard it will be if one knows exactly when and exactly how did one forgo(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “so it hurts you if someone calls you a cheat..” Tantrum : “as much as it does psychophysically sitting on a well padded seat(all burst into laughter)” Wayne(getting up) : “it was intriguing to meet you Randy finally see you again very soon..” Tantrum : “till the sun rises to set the moon(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown,going away) : “it’s a draw still Randy you don’t convince me..” Tantrum : “I would’ve had I tried to province me(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “this is the admission of a broken man..” Tantrum : “a thirsty person wants water not the can(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “then there’s no reason why you’re any different to those who are ahead..” Tantrum : “for them it’s a trouble similar to us it’s a matter of inspiration or compassion in a circle thus they know best that it’s useless to venture for a head..” Wayne(frown) : “then you lose the centre” Tantrum : “thus the circle will change it creating more than one from the same the best of art from a painter(all laugh) “ Wayne(frown) : “thus you’re only confused” Tantrum : “excused(all laugh a lot)..”
Wayne(frown) : “hence it’s about your ego that you can lead..” Tantrum : “bid(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “thats worse isn’t it..” Tantrum : “for me only is the pain isn’t it(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “so you should leave it all shouldn’t you..” Tantrum : “that’s true that’s ever true(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “that even at sewage they don’t allow you(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “hence who leads who(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “none would’ve if you didn’t yourself rue..” Tantrum : “people asked me you know always whose whose beau(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “hence it’s just your own failure to yourself sue..” Tantrum : “someone cries in total seclusion who hears the rue(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “thus it’s a matter of ego again circularly true..” Tantrum : “if one wants to lament in seclusion where’s the need to brew(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “just beg around in all joy as it’s said true and true..” Tantrum : “or don’t do even that why this physical rue(all laugh)” Wayne(frown) : “exactly my point you can’t yourself sue..” Tantrum : “thus only proceeded towards the sewage own effort own earning in most communication independent environment so why to rue(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “just a matter of helping someone in need that’s yourself minus the ego..” Tantrum : “it’s strange why always there’s resistance duality never duty is so hard to forgo(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “that why would they refuse you your right to HAZARD FREE DISCHARGING of assigned duty(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “the whole point why none calls the work-life balance ever to be so sweetie(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “that’s the whole point of duality too I’m you you understand it..” Tantrum : “hence it’s a matter of least resistance why else would one eschew it(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “the resistance and the effort is inclusive” Tantrum : “thus one should no matter how get out of it(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “thus you believe you’re logically infallible” Tantrum : “provable(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “to admit which you’ll be needed to be creating disturbances to the right to freedom of discharging assigned duty for others..” Tantrum : “it’s a matter of me why bother about those who are the others(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “that you’re not intruding but they are by forcing you to think of the grain thus you share(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “I’m sure you know it to be provable that the grain itself is what’s never fare(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “hence one should eschew it you’re falling in your own trap..” Tantrum : “the whole point of defining zero as an identity to addition as frets math(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown,going away) : “I see thus you draw again Randy we’ll meet meet again was a nice candy,bye(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “another point of view infinite it seems thus never comes handy welcome never bye(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(coming in surprized to see Wayne and also Tantrum) : “hey Wayne..um..you..” Wayne(frown) : “it’s ok Millie I’ll meet you later you have the best dishes enjoy as they mentally cater bye..(all laugh)” Tantrum : “conservation of law never relieves a matter hallow never hi(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(frown,looking at Hakamo-O) : “what is this Randy..” Tantrum : “A LOGICAL GAME(all laugh a lot)/what is form and what is name/to eschew everything for nothing is indeed a shame/the viseversa is ego knowing this one VISUALLY commemorates the HALL OF FAME(all laugh a lot)..this man interests me ‘mam this man has THAT FEELING(all laugh a lot,Brock pats his forehead with both hands laughing)” Mildred(frown) : “yeah you were talking with the best apprentice referee in 2nd year in whole of Kanto itself(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “reciprocating perfectly to his compliment be correct(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(bit taken aback) : “surely he didn’t tell you this(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “a Crawdaunt won’t be so unless he knows what’s a Corpish thanks(all laugh)..” Mildred(frown) : “how do you know all these..”
Tantrum : “too tender too nice too logical/this splendor of existence validated in consciousness gives rise to mind look you’ve become PHYSICAL(all laugh a lot,Mallow cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all burst into laughter,..)..”
Mildred(frown) : “I don’t believe you should be here it’s a matter of cowardice no more..” Tantrum : “may be indeed thus it’s a matter of lamentation for the ship if no shore strangely though to the captain none ever bore(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(scowl) : “I see as Gissie said you indeed catch people for your clan(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “strange is this existence cause I’m anyway conscious thus there’s no use of this dual plan(all laugh)” Mildred(scowl) : “did you implicate anything(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “that Silly has directly told you what you know better than him/your best friend wants to be your fiend so badly the other of his no more in his team(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(frown) : “don’t think that I don’t understand ALL OF THIS SINCE THE START(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “well then you’re a d.. o.. h.. b.. u.. s.. aren’t you j.. though the f..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mildred(frown) : “nonetheless Randy why are you so interested about it(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “cause my right to thoughts was violated(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(scowl) : “surly you didn’t need to announce it..” Tantrum : “I only tried to pronounce it(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(scowl) : “Terry is on the verge of the same all due to you..” Tantrum : “I was only getting started with him infinite is left to brew(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mildred(scowl) : “count me in it too(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “thus the impulse then then then and now were all false indeed so true(all laugh)..” Mildred(scowl) : “same for you too(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “never bother about another cause it’s not you thus never true(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(bit dejected) : “shut up!(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “you remind of a jubilant flower give up this sanity of taking cue(all laugh a lot,cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)..”
Mildred(frustrated) : “this language is the exact reason why you get into all these personal messes dragging all in..”
Tantrum : “ping(all laugh a lot)..”
Mildred(angry) : “I’ll be the first one to testify..”
Tantrum : “that your full name is Mrs Mildred Dislom Bistorter cause lack of s.. you want to satisfy(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Mildred(frown) : “it could be anyone(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “only someone(all laugh a lot)”
A student from outside : “hey Millie how many are you keeping in hand huh(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “what are their concerns(all laugh)..”
Mildred(angry) : “none of your..”
Tantrum : “they need it for their concentration thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(angry) : “you..”
From outside : “man one corporate,one in-law one out one intellectual so much..” Tantrum(loud) : “was the cleanliness though why excrete it all at a time but alas the NECESSITY yeah(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mildred(taken aback) : “hey..”
From Outside : “what was that Randy(all laugh)..” Tantrum(going out) : “that I feel pity that who said that wasn’t at peace while excreting the most important exercise any complaints against EXISTENTIAL excise(all laugh a lot)..” One Student : “too sweetie isn’t..”
Tantrum : “it the times when someone else clears your stool by own hands uncovered indeed during economical hours it’s not a piece of candy(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
One Student : “Randy don’t come in-between..”
Tantrum : “are you in need for any guests to connoisseur your glue and paste consisting yourself in-between(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
A student : “why don’t you come outside and we can see..” Tantrum : “during rush hours there’s only one no matter all alone hail the existential sea(all laugh shaking their heads)..” A student : “something may happen to you as well(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “indeed my only concern is for you that no way you’re getting out of this necessity cause the necessary you can’t quell(all laugh a lot)” A student : “we warn you last..”
Tantrum : “as I said compeers it’s all about this urge to get away from it cause you’re so as you yourself so truly cast yet look at the way of anyone no matter which situation the problem remains till the idea of another persists it goes away suddenly but the eventuality is ever there never quick nor fast/in the sea of existence consciousness is telling you that you’re only this thus you want to revolt/cause you know it’s not true only an illusion the problem is that revolution itself is ever dual hence only there’s an urge to revolt(all laugh a lot,cheers for SHIFTREE)..yes you may proceed together no matter the existential need/but you know it’s rather an eventuality totally not in your control may be habit or coercive patrol but the problem as a whole that all you’re doing is to against it just bid/you may have the best of physiques/or go against it and achieve this rather sacred feat..the trouble will remain that it itself reminds you that duality in gross hasn’t yet ceased(all laugh a lot)..if it goes away then there’s no relief cause at that point you’ll only know to be in sound health cause it’s not diseased(all laugh shaking their heads)..thus it won’t matter only if duality never comes to grease/cause it’s not real those who know it all times pay no fees(all laugh)”
A student grabbing him : “really Randy huh..now we’ll see how you..” Tantrum(extremely grave,suddenly changing whole disposition) : “the only need that you have is to ask why am I not you(all laugh a lot)..” All students taken aback : “what do you mean..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum(normally) : “before and after excreting it’s the same question is you ask only the fact that you’re so far beyond all that’s dual is what gets to be seen..thus as you’re not satisfied with it cause you can’t validate it without what it’s not you’re only praising your own image now a mirror the urge to know it more along with yourself turns you into a spectator looking at your different colours running on your own created screen(all laugh a lot)..” A student : “hey Millie why is he blabbing..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “anything that’s thus not me is creating me in viseversa yet it’s not true yet I can’t get out of it without proving it to be not so despite saying that it’s so(all laugh a lot)..” A student(angry) : “Randy we..”
Tantrum : “vengeance deludes one into greatness once that’s reached alas it turns out to be the lowest of vains cause it’s possible to say that one can gain never possible is it to say what if not where’s the pain thus consciousness tells you on existence you only reign which only asserts always it was created to give yourself the idea that you’re never this lame(all laugh a lot)..”
Students(going away) : “bye..(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “personally ever hallow professionally always hi..thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(bit confused,after students went away) : “um..thanks Randy they always..” Tantrum : “because you didn’t want to understand their usage(all laugh)..” Mildred(frown) : “cause they have this strange dual visage isn’t it..” Tantrum : “some people see a view but don’t take pictures yet takes the cue and sketches it..(all burst into laughter,Seth cheer for YEARS GO BY/DR SKECHIT OBSERVES IF IT’S SHREW OR SHY,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing,Gary cheers for standing in the bushes unattached thus not even that CUING,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..”..man Daisy how is your beau going to present himself tomorrow(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(still fits of laughter) : “by being persistent(all burst into laughter,Seth cheers for per precise perceptions Trace don’t try me,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Tracey(laugh) : “yeah atleast I didn’t say like a metaphorically sweet vulture(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Seth and Mallow uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter ach other)..man what sort of a smooth family I’m part of for eternity(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “DARK NIGHT : THE EFFECTS OF PROFESSIONAL TICKLING(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Gary shakes his head laughing)..MR OAK!OH MR OAK!(all laugh a lot)..” Lillie(fits of laughter  ary) : “Dr Oak Dr Oak why is it called proverbial(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Gary(laugh) : “no you just saw how this pest ever spoils my wife and drags me to his self created hells(all laugh)” Stash(laugh) : “no way these two are going to work tomorrow but are we missing something(all laugh a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “atleast I told my family that it tickles(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Seth cheers for Improvisational Tickling,all laugh even more,Brock too uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)..” Stash(laugh) : “man what sort of brats we have ever been(all laugh)..anyway then we progress towards nowhere(all laugh)..
Mildred(frown) : “I see you’re a master of insinuations atleast(all laugh)” Tantrum : “thesis(all laugh a lot)..”
Mildred(scowl) : “hence we’re test samples for your brutal chassis..” Tantrum : “if only it’s considered to be attached to an axis(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(frown) : “this is exactly what Wayne said you know it’s your ego only..” Tantrum : “about is defined so just to relate it to another something I never try thus bother solely(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(taken aback) : “what about the parents(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “the thirst of PHYSICAL coherence(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(frown) : “bless yourself till you’ve fully unbounded ok..” Tantrum : “how can I be cause to them or anyone including myself I’ll thus due to this perception of duality ever create a fray(all laugh a lot)/thus only in reality if it’s no more dual as they say/why bother about the other rather to me it’s all cause I’m nay(all laugh)/hence to them or anyone the only service I can do is to burn out the duality so brutal with reality’s consistent ray/to them there’s no service possible by me cause all I can do from duality is to pray/in hindsight I know best all cause of me they’re served to me in a tray/thus the only way for me to get out of this deepest bay/is to be real for once thus they are all the same except dually them I won’t slay(all laugh)..” Mildred(  Tantrum,smile) : “can I call you bro too like Gissie(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “only a s.. trick of a h.. starved w.. call for a p.. so sweetie(all laugh shaking their head)..” Mildred(smile,same pose) : “no matter I only hear my sweet little Millie(all laugh)” Tantrum : “only an experienced s.. desire to c.. out another spurt of t.. s.. and smell it later to understand if the amount of e.. is enough for his enough e.. next time for better w.. and denser e..(all laugh a shaking their heads)..” Mildred(same pose,smile) : “this is my big bro’s disdain for being dual that’s it..”..” Daisy(laughing) : “don’t bother cause your elder jackal’s whole anatomy was most eloquently described in a recording that came to me via Lillie flower of all flowers(all laugh a lot) cause(laugh)..she later asked me after forcing me go through it like um..Dase which was more personal if cogitated(all burst into laughter,Gary and Lillie uncontrollably laugh)..and(laugh) your own twin-flower one day said um..Dase I slapped him when he forcefully went into traditions but um..wasn’t I too impetuous like he could’ve said that you’ve forced me into an ethical dilemma as to when to apologize if before it will mean I’m defending myself if later means I’m submitting(all uncontrollably laugh,..) then if this wasn’t enough to my utmost horror then asked but no you know I slapped him cause during the time he didn’t let me resist him that means he really didn’t cherish me logically only emotionally so I slapped him wasn’t I logical Dase wasn’t I rhymes takes that you namecall(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,..) then I said Mallow please if you continue this you won’t..,SHUT UP!(all burst into laughter) because he was resiting my reaction he was honest and ethical but not moral take that you namecall(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter)..so I somehow averted from getting slapped myself(all laugh a lot) and still later told Viol(laugh),he..he didn’t let me kick him during how could he be so CUNNING..(all uncontrollably laugh,..),to this her Viol flower replied don’t bother about those infatuated namecalls Mallow once someone says I cherish you means they’re most infatuated brats could’ve said why aren’t you me as if apologizing why so much emotion hum(all uncontrollably laugh,..) to this their Lillie flower again opined that it only showed how neither of them can differentiate between the procedure and methodology of the infatuation cause during procedure one is processing it thus unsure like that namecall and in case of methodology they already know it beforehand hence torturing you like Trace and Brock and he..he doesn’t like me um..concentrically I mean..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Violet(laughing) : “and(laugh)..to this DaisyDaisyl said,shut up!atleast he is rigorous rather than only intuitive THIS IS MATHEMATICS take that you morons(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..and then in reply Lillie flower asked um..but what are the other ways to achieve a proof rigorously(all ucnontrollably laugh,..)..” Lillie(laughing) : “to which Ms Volbeat said huh this intelligence and went to exams..WORDS!before being infatuated with psychophysical existence one should decide if the words really mean them or not HOW DARE THAT NAMECALL NOT DECIDE WHAT FEELING IS BEFORE FEELIG IT IN A FORMULAIC MANNER LIKE TRACE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Stash(laugh) : “man what sort of flowers I’ve been associated with forever as well via kinship(all laugh)..anyway so as you insist which is LET’S TICKLE to be COUNTERING(all laugh)..
Tantrum : “this idea of physique oh so smoothie(all laugh shaking their heads)/that thought of the s.. oh s.. your d.. b..(all shake their heads laughing)/then the ideas when I saw you t.. ah like a r../whole world for has turned up just as your c.. and my c.. oh so g..(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Mildred(smile,same pose) : “just a boo for a disgusting movie(all laugh)” Tantrum : “the best way to make him confess is Lastly would say copy all BILLY(all burst into laughter,Genkai..look at relations/the phantom is now,all un..,Blossom..through situations..asking the phantom of answer to how,all un..,Brock cheers for Lastly the PLAYBOY Metronome,all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits of laughter,..)” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “yeah like your bro told Gissie to say just always oppose like if he wants to take rest after a long day’s work then first allow him to sleep but then just as he smiles and says like goodnight or noon or something in this tone say SILLY(all burst into laughter,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS)..anyway bro just meet Terry ok he’s..” Tantrum(patting Mildred’s head tenderly) : “that’s Strawberry’s department this message though needs to be with you minutely according to the rhythms of the day with me since 3 cause of my apartment..(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “um..yeah like if he wants to suicide by no matter what means hush!professionalism!(all burst into laughter,..,Gary shakes his head laughing)..the best way to generalize a person is to not specify him thus make this noose professional thanks(all laugh a lot,Gary shakes his head laughing)..man no way anyone can find any happiness even if dead in THAT TYPE OF AN APARTMENT(all laugh a lot,cheers for NO HAPPINESS IF BORN,all laugh a lot,cheers for Madgaleo,all laugh even more..)..” Tantrum : “personally in professional terms(all laugh)..” Mildred(laugh) : “but like as I saw why is this brat not made to exercise physically(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “his physique isn’t looked after by him cause of idea of himself is that of a eraser but only mentally thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(laugh) : “well don’t start it here dad will go crazy tomorrow(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “no he will sit here itself and tell me why I feel different to sorrow(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(laugh) : “surely he can be of more help than Terry if punching me is needed(all laugh)” Tantrum : “he claims to be civilized Millie thus to him it’s the notice that’s allows the the convict to study thus if there’s any improvements needed for the performance of the executioners he can suggest exactly for which the performers will then be able to claim that to them he can now be indeed called dead(all burst into laughter)..besides Millie what exactly was your problem here I understand Terry has had a rough time very rough time after first hand experience..” Mildred(bit disappointed) : “that’s what I’m afraid of bro..” Tantrum : “he will have to deal with it Millie when I was of your age 13 years ago(all laugh a lot) I had to understand what means fight you see(all laugh a lot) that revenge is the light that shows most vividly why aren’t you me(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY,..)” Mildred(broad smile) : “thus he has to deal with it even beyond as he will realize that there’s no escape being physical..” Tantrum : “that’s his trouble exactly which is hindering him hence he failed to remain calm against Vespequens if your body goes being devoid of all the capacities it’s heard that you still never lose your faculty of sagacity(all laugh,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)” Mildred(smile) : “thus only from there he will understand existence being validated by consciousness everything must be only mental(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “proverbial(all laugh a lot)..anyway you better go home now enough for a day under sanity(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(smile) : “um..bro what do you do like when alone or now when you want to be alone(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “well that’s the easiest to discern you see affection to vision is ever in OPPOSITION(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “thus it’s a phenomena but also can be defined as against duality an insinuation(all laugh a lot) that the vultures will keep forwarding to you no matter where you are or how says the law of self contradiction(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “HEUNICRASTOP!..(Mildred uncontrollably laughs)..(all burst into laughter)” ..(same day same time,Terrence at the sewage where Cameron first met Tantrum)..
Terry(frown) : “whose there..”
Phantom : “ROTO TO TO TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM/ROTO TOM TOM ROTO TOM RO RO ROTOM(all laugh laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Terry(scream) : “make one move you b.. I’ll..” Phantom : “gun gun gun gun gun oh death gun oh death gun gun gun/strangely who dies before says death this no pun pun(all laugh shaking their heads)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na tion tion tion/say hallow Ho Oh or oh my son next term Phantom(all laugh a lot,cheers for Lastly A Ghastly Phantom,all laugh even more)/hear Terry Terry oh my son we’re no more dad no more mom(all laugh shaking their heads)/oh Terry Terry this is Grandmom you’ve just lost Wolfdung lost Wolfdung(all laugh shaking their heads)/so now all of us are found in Random like your best fiend from Random(all laugh shaking their heads)/Oh Terry Terry now you’ve none now you can’t have some now not even one(all laugh shaking their heads)/cause Terry Terry you’ve become Random so life or death which would you shun shun(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(uncontrollably crying,scream,till now was hallucinated a bit by Growlith,Shelgon and Mesprit brought in by Phantom,now is off) : “you f.. b.. what..” Phantom(Terry is put in hallucination again) : “..Hail oh Hail Oh Hail Wolfdung Hail your grandson like you have no dejection(all laugh shaking their heads)/cause to him you didn’t matter more than his best friend random(all laugh shaking their heads)/Oh Terry Terry this physique doesn’t miss cause mind isn’t ceased/Oh Terry Terry these mental bees never put to bed by physique/Cause Oh Terry Terry you have found this great existence existence(all laugh shaking their heads)/thus Oh Terry Terry be conscious and count past or futures thus never present(all laugh shaking their heads)” Terry(exasperated) : “you b..”
Phantom : “de di de di desire desire to be ever/oh savvy savvy thus this choir is this choir of being never/so Oh Terry Terry now you’re this then no more another attire/So Oh Terry Terry why bother of other an other(all laugh shaking their heads)/Cause Oh Terry Terry they’re never you not here thus no way to know what’s there thus what’s here(all laugh a lot,cheers for MEGA RESHIRAM,all laugh even more)/Oh Terry Terry what’s now dear won’t be far to go down afar/cause they are dual so never not you whose not them thus ever(all laugh a lot,cheers for PALKIAN CHAIN,..)/or if you become indeed them then where’s you but they are(all laugh a lot)/so see they are again back never goes no no ever(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Terry(exasperated) : “why are you all killing me like this..” Phantom : “cause you’re hellbent to be found amiss(all laugh)..” Terry(scream,crying) : “you b..”
Phantom : “I wonder if both feelings FEEL the same why isn’t it called lustre(all laugh a lot,..)” Terry(crying,scream) : “you b..”
Phantom : “yeah too much bonhomie Strawberry need to eschew the rhymes(all laugh)” Strawberry(getting off from a Zekrom whose among Phantom’s bunch) : “personally ever professionally never hallow Mr Terrence Bistorter alias TerryBilly specifically out generally over(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,..)..” Phantom : “why are you specifically aghast and generally can’t disgust(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terrence(scream) : “I dare you two b.. if you..” Strawberry : “is he younger to Gissie Lastly(all laugh)..” Phantom : “sorely(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “so this brat needs the tonic Hands-On Jubilee(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom : “better be a duet professionally(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “beat it generally(all laugh a lot) let me dance with you oh my dear Terry NATURALLY(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom(Strawberry doing the tones vocally and dancing with Terry who is hallucinated sometimes by Shelgon,Growlith and Mesprit if need be) : “Gullie(all laugh a lot),Mippie,Shelgie,Rosey,Giti,Guzzy,Duplie(all laugh a lot),Duppie,Ziddie,Tilly(all laugh a lot),Rishi,Rashi(all laugh a lot),Turrie,Tukie(all laugh a lot),Pukkie,Kukkie,Avi(all laugh a lot),Noogy,Niggie(all laugh a lot),Ettie,Nattie,Tussie(all laugh a lot),Tuppie,Toppie,Toffee,Tippie,Trippers(all laugh a lot,cheers for TOFFEE-FLOWER,..),Drummie,Dimmie,Dippie,Dampie,Dummu(all laugh a lot),Zemmie,Zukkie(all laugh a lot),Doolie,Doodle(all laugh a lot),Drazu,Draco(all laugh a lot),Tilly,Gibbie,Transie(all laugh a lot),Sligoo,Zewel(all laugh a lot) and finally Dillie(all laugh,cheers for Dialga don’t be a gambler just spin that dashing wheel,..,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..YOU HEAR AND BECOME NO MORE JUST PEER..(all laugh a lot)..

TO TO TO TO TO TO DO DO DO DO DO DO TO TO DO DO TO TO DO DO DO DO TOTO DILE(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR,all laugh a lot)
Consciousness tells you
to be what’s really you
Thus it says existence is never what’s you
Yet existence says if you’re that how can me you eschew(all laugh a lot) Existence hence say see
this is where you find not me
thus you become never thee
Yet consciousness says if you know it how can thee you never be(all laugh a lot,cheers for PALKIAFREE)
1 and 1 makes you two
0 and 1 makes same for you too(all laugh a lot)
no matter what multiplied with 1 makes you the same psychophysicality boo boo boo(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,all laugh even more)
Thus not being not perceiving what it is at all cause it’s never true(all laugh a lot) Huntelion On On O(all laugh a lot,cheers for HEY!OH DRAGONS DRAGONS PLAY/DRAGONS DRAGONS SAY!,..) Jangomo-O or Ho Oh(all laugh a lot)
Now says he’s Hakamo(all laugh a lot) Same O is actually a KOMMO-O(all laugh a lot) Kommo-O O O Kommo-O O O Kommo-O O O Kommo Mo Mo Mo Mo O(all laugh a lot) Fights for what’s never fight thus lets it all normally go(all laugh a lot) MENTALLY FEEL FEEL FELL(all laugh a lot) HAILING PEWTER ROCK GROUND STEEL(all laugh a lot,cheers for B-ROCK,Brock pats his forehead with both hands laughing,..) Yellowburst beside the hill
Rimsable declares all 4 planes mental only so but physically it’s just nil(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)
Bosangria now we are
Backstabang is an experienced vulture(all laugh shaking their heads) Will tell you poison types mean discrimination of any ulcer(all laugh a lot) mentally which hinder a smooth CULTURE(all laugh a lot) Zipgarnet tells you then
To be alive thus sue then
mentally the monotonicity that Frucifern apparently shows as a pain in reality they are just noting with the philosophical rain(all laugh a lot)
Then look there’s Cerulean
Tranquil says a spell Vaporeon(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for Baby Gyarados,all laugh a lot) This is a ploy only to shun
The mental rises each moment giving the maddening beauty of indifferent thus unnecessary excitement thus cogitation on difference in addendum(all laugh)?
Then there’s fire gyms
showing itself as extremes
in reality mental stream
of the jubilation ever increasing(all laugh a lot) So oh Terry Terry do tell us which has got you again conscious
we’ve described all the existential mass Unless you can jump dimensions(all laugh)..” Terry(still crying) : “you f.. b..”
Phantom : “well then I should I you how much she winked at him how much he smirked at not him(all laugh a lot) how much they winced at them(all laugh a lot)”
Terry(now a bit controlled) : “you b.. what have you done to..” Phantom : “Roto tom tom tom tom tom tom tom tom tom tom tom..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(scream,uncontrollably crying) : “STOP IT!PLEASE LET ME..” Phantom : “LIVE..why so much bonhomie Terry if you know the best all you’re doing is just a few non selves against whom you want to prove your existence while consciously telling that it’s only you who is in the action to thus get what’s not you then just sieve(all laugh a lot)” Terry(crying) : “where’s grandpa..”
Phantom : “what’s the difference to him and a Hoopa(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(crying,scream) : “you f.. b..”
Strawberry : “if Randy was here would’ve been so happy professionally you know with the constant reminders that both you and he are infact b.. the vultures you know putting you against this ego AH professional LUSTRE(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Phantom : “muster Berry ego is that what MASTER MASTER MASTER(all laugh a lot,cheers for POKEMON MASTER..HMM..)..hence oh my sweetie sweetie Terry against ego you can’t go slow neutral or faster(all laugh)/thus give it up knowing it’s unreal cause it’s impossible to be egotistical and you at the same time cause ego wants you to be among others your thirst of being yourself forbids you to think of another thus one gives rise to the other due to the opposite which is the reason for the opposite thus is this urge to be you ego only warns against that these aren’t definitely you thus only you can’t be you cause then then to you you’ll be another hence ego says it can’t be true if you try to be another ego says you can’t be the other while being not you cause then you will be against yourself thus none will ever be you hence give it up knowing it’s all illusion what’s true is so cause it’s never mustered hence can’t be mastered this only is the benefit of ego that it proves it by means of negation that there’s no they cause they are so only cause you’re not them and there’s no you cause that’s to you is ever them thus neither being not being not so and eschews it’s combinations or their redistributions would you become reality that’s the lustre(all laugh,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR,..)..”
Terry(still crying) : “yeah surely you were the ones to have killed your parents..” Phantom : “indeed the first thing INHERENT(all laugh shaking their heads)..cause I wanted to be me thus saw thee but ego told again to me they won’t be me cause they’re thee thus I said I’m not them cause I’m better than thee ego told me thus it just means from them you want yourself to be free I said that’s true cause I’m me ego said hence only you yourself is always thee(all laugh a lot,cheers for PALKIAFREE)..thus give up this sanity to be FREE(all laugh)..” Terry(still in tears) : “yeah so easy to say picking up two flowers from Cerulean as I heard..you b..(all laugh a lot)..”..well it needs professional recollection man(all laugh a lot)..” Gary(laugh) : “well it was about Wolfgang uncle ofcourse(all laugh) he said for some reason these brats are averting Cerulean(all laugh a lot) which was upended just 10 months later(all laugh a lot) and the reason for us was that you can appease the whole world with interpretations of hands-on but that idea for DaisyDaisyl has to be performed in the plane of AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!(all laugh) hence you can’t eschew it no matter what which you know is a far far worse self mortification than anyone among us ever did except the obvious(all laugh) he is similar he just loved his little brothers but never fully committed to anyone till he knew they are HUMAN!HUMAN!(all laugh)..only after I confessed my longing for him while vehemently disparaging him even when look-only-at jumped him and master brat vilified him(all laugh) then for them they still brutally bashed him no matter what(all laugh) for Brock he had to prove he didn’t approve radicalized views like humanity itself cause his argument was if one feels so why one would bother about it cause that’s a feeling which they don’t become only feel thus ever free from anything(all laugh a lot) yet he he didn’t forget his HUMAN feelings(all laugh a lot,cheers for THAT FEELING,all laugh a lot) anyway then look-only-at was accepted beyond doubts by Daisy and Tracey only after that call proving to them their theories needs more spice else 16 year long observations will ever follow(all laugh) but master brat was never accepted not even by his best fiend till he jumped upon Neronoxymapzyl 20(all laugh) that was possible only by master brat and none else to tickle them throughout not even Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh a lot) just as the others none except look-only-at would’ve returned from there not even Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh),no brat existing ever could confuse a Dispoptas with a Bayleaf other than Charlie Doldrum being so himself since revisited his very own cousins once more at Pallet now never Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh) then finally what Blithie did calming down people with the watered one(all laugh) is also never possible for Jubilee Hands-On thus he was gone to the poisons(all laugh) none can face poison type legends and their headless masters except Jubilee Hands-On and his civilization only possible cause of compendium(all laugh) man what brats these are(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “well none could say why Bulby and Squttie finally evolved either indeed a Facepalm(all laugh)..and about the flowers Villie flower whole world knew won’t be tamed unless for THAT FEELING(all laugh)..and about Cerulean we ever said let them rot in hell why bother if they want to remain as other(all laugh)..so thus now it’s what it is(all laugh),anyway(all laugh)..” Daisy(laugh) : “man my only fear was our Lillie flower being caught by the twin devils no matter which way(all laugh) cause the professional fly was sensational atleast these were illiterate unemployed vagabonds(all laugh)..then Lillie flower was professionalized so I was happy in a way cause professionally Strawberry Facepalm proved to be too steady(all laugh)..but then I was petrified with the prospect of the twin devils now and with our Mallow flower’s character that they in revenger cause of professional breaching of personal vow that none of them will bother about Cerulean now suddenly may use my poor baby which was Viol’s concern as well but she said this one feeling is never reciprocated by in this tone,aww Dase..JUST THAT TYPE(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..,Gary too un..,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheers for,DIALGA DON’T BE A PERSONAL GAMBLER JUST SPIN THE PROFESSIONAL WHEEL,all un..)..” Brock(laugh) : “should’ve dashed to washroom that day professionally(all burst into laughter,Lillie and Violet uncontrollably laugh,Gary shakes his head laughing)..and atleast I didn’t compare the metaphor of flowers(all laugh a lot)..but anything was far better than your jackal who said,um..Mr Slate I mean Dase I mean whatever(all laugh a lot) don’t you think think that this idea of the practice of politeness is a bit um..exclusive(all burst into laughter,Daisy uncontrollably laughs,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Tracey(laugh) : “still better than saying in unison,metaphorical culture Trace forces you to become accustomed to the hall of Vultures he means this idea of sculpture Trace goes away as soon as it’s known to be sweet the ants dig it it’s no more there yet ants are eater by sparrows ever defeated to the VULTURES(all burst into laughter) you’ve been deluded Seth admit it never the case of success but failure would in the very beginning create an ulcer(all laugh a lot)..I said why are you against your sis-in-law,cause she tries to know if the difference between hinging of a dangling point and the idea of jaw is appreciated by a Drednaw rhymes saw(all burst into laughter) I said means of the self there’s never enough force to break it but the point of suspension does and other people can but for the suspension it’s always natural thus why would she bother about her hubby cause it’s rather she whose trying to eulogize him only to better him isn’t it THIS IS INHUMAN!(all laugh) rhymes with Pancham Trace I asked him your master brat knows nothing of society how did you convince him of parity(all laugh a lot) he said this idea of yours look-only-at of amity is exactly why you believe it’s just the manipulation of sanity that it’s just the enjoyment in another way of reality hence you will always remain perceptive of it thus this plurality hence SOMBRE STAT to you will never be the only to be sweetie as would say Mr Oak rhymes with Mr Oak Gary isn’t it(all burst into laughter,..) so I said sorry I have to make an urgent call bye(all laugh a lot)..” Cuong(laugh) : “well SOMBRE STAT never understood we were against her being not her illusion(all laugh a lot)..which is..(all laugh a lot)” All in unison(Mallow frowns in same pose,Seth laughs a lot  er) : “young flower dream(all laugh a lot)..” Mallow(frown,same pose,Seth laughs a lot) : “shut up you namceall!(all laugh)..you always tried to disappoint my sweet bee feeding ideas about me in rhymes to appease your self eluding flower..shut(all laugh) up!(all laugh)..” Stash(laugh) : “well your bee was a gym leader after all(all laugh)..” Mallow(frown) : “UNLIKE YOU WHO ONLY BEGGED AROUND AND YET FAILED TO WIN AGAINST MY BEE EACH,EACH TIME(all laugh)..TAKE THAT YOU NAMECALL!(all laugh)” Stash(laugh) : “yeah sorely(all laugh a lot)” Mallow(irritated,Seth laughs a lot) : “shut up!..Seth why does he always intrude our private life(all laugh)” Stash(laugh) : “cause it’s metaphysical(all laugh a lot,Seth and Mallow laugh a lot,Mallow laughs in silence)..” Seth(laugh) : “well my toffee-flower always did want a philosophical hubby afterall,anyway(all laugh)” Gary(laugh) : “too economical(all laugh a lot,Mallow scoffs at him says,shut up!,all laugh a lot)..anyway so this next phase starts and don’t worry it has too much of WayneRue thus too much of SOMBRE STAT as well(all laugh a lot)..her hubby only didn’t know her objectively just like her(all laugh a lot,Mallow and Seth laugh a lot)..anyway so this restarts..
Phantom : “thickening(all laugh a lot)..so basically you can’t get out of the fact that from the top of a tower/in the bright sunshine or moonlight no matter or anytime if visible no matter which hour/is this scenery down that’s deemed a collection of many a different flower/to the gardener it’s just the nature and it’s all conquering power/that if he cuts or nourishes one or the viseversa charms him enough to do so or reject him to the observer above it’s all praiseworthy which indeed he does shower/but to the ground upon which all these takes places tells the sun this is all cause homogeneity of us to them felt too sour(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(bit controlled) : “yeah so easy to blab around nonsense..why are you after me huh..” Phantom : “cause circularly you’re asking around why aren’t you me(all laugh)..” Terry(bit controlled,exasperated) : “you b.. this is a kidnap attempt isn’t it swelling up these b.. here..” Strawberry : “objection,they never cared to be specific a personal generalization thanks(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(sarcasm) : “yeah as if you care so much..” Strawberry : “professionally indeed(all laugh)..” Terry(controlling himself) : “I see so you want to test my mettle professionally isn’t it(all laugh,cheers for A LOGICAL GAME,..)..” Phantom : “Berry you never asked a question in specific(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “well,to test this hombre out it’ll require more time but what’s the assurance that he won’t commit suicide when we leave..” Phantom : “the news that his mind will tell him this state is thus so it’s not that cause that isn’t this indeed(all laugh)..” Terry(standing up,frown) : “this is only a ploy to capture our money and support(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom : “I wonder why it’s called that’s only possible for any sources if only they engage in a good rapport(all laugh)..” Terry(frown) : “no matter what Gissie is emotionally unstable and Cammie is a sentimental fool(all laugh) and Millie is too sweet..” Phantom : “while you’re an economical TOOL to collect wheat(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(frown) : “I’ve never taken any..” Phantom : “prisoners thus you rather had to be perceptive of the seasoners(all laugh)..ones that comes sometimes not always like emotions/hence you’re prepared to be against yourself ever being you at commotions(all laugh)..” Terry(frown) : “I see honesty in due immorality(all laugh)..fair enough that song you sung Mr Seth..” Phantom : “I wonder who named us AH!HUMAN!HUMAN!(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,..)” Terry(frown) : “I see this is why grandpa says..” Phantom : “said lived ALONE for long heart at this age(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(angry) : “you b..I’m calling him right now..” Phantom : “ever wonder Terry why would we come here only for you having taken only a bow(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(shout,completely breaking down) : “GRANDPA..” Phantom : “ROTO TOM TOM TOM TOM TOM ROTO TOM TOM TOM TOM ROTO TOTO ROTO RO RO TO ROTOM(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(uncontrollably crying,lying on ground) : “you f.. p..” Strawberry : “generally not specifically be professional with us personally(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(in a very exasperated state,choking) : “you..” Phantom : “look above to the sky/alas oh cloud I’ve none to be my(all laugh shaking their heads)/thus i’m alone here knowing to be so I can’t be my/because i’m different to me HALLOW NEVER HI(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Terry(crying,exasperated) : “you b..”
Phantom : “this and gender can’t even tell her shred the weight in emergency of danger won’t fit under the bed unless becomes slender..creatures(all burst into laughter)..”
Terry(scream) : “you p.. where’s my Millie..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “has become really(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Terry(uncontrollably crying..) : “you..” Phantom : “these are the reasons why all are hellbent to go against us and sue you know doesn’t appreciate the work of the brats that’s our only rue isn’t it(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “still personally though to be professionals long way to go(all laugh)..” Phantom : “anyway what to do with this brat beau or bro(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “professionally a bro is categorized as the specific one having least generality towards the personification whereas for the beau the last two being upended leaves you at the same generalized state only,specific difference thus is that the previous views the wrong profession of being a right person while the later views the wrong person at right profession,thanks(all burst into laughter)” Phantom : “indeed thus the first tries to find the right profession but as the right person is built only against a wrong profession it automatically becomes wrong person then in reverse the wrong person is so cause of the right profession thus the profession becomes right and this same situation leaves also the second to do only one thing that is to give up their sanity to be free isn’t it Terry rhyming with Mesprit(all burst into laughter)” Terry(exasperated) : “you b.. what have you done to grandpa and Millie..” Phantom : “or Gissie or Silly or Billie or Lillie(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(exasperated) : “yeah only the last is perfectly suited for you you b..(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “hypothetically in both cases(all burst into laughter)..” Phantom : “cause her aim just as your previous that is to be a pokemon MASTER MASTER MASTER(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..” Strawberry : “anyway so long hombre best wishes for afterlife if it exists that is personally(all laugh a lot) rather was a wastage of professional time with generalized temporal scales specifically(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “right your gun has been emptied by you the sound could’ve alerted a few hence Police has been called in you can hear them now(all laugh a lot) thus it’s a case a matter of honesty for you whether you want to suicide or not we’re anyway in danger atleast not gender though(all laugh a lot,cheers for METAPHYSICAL FLOWER,..) by the way you don’t have any dresses on your body now for security against daggers and poisons they’ve been BURNED to ASHES(all laugh a lot) ingenuity is indeed a boon for those who want to count the accountable cashes mentally that is(all burst into laughter)..anyway if you want call your dear ones up all rejoicing in impersonification of a person we only bother if they are in PROFESSION,thanks(all laugh)..(both goes away with all their pokemons)..” (during same night Mildred with Tantrum after dinner) Tantrum : “this is what poison is you know no work all food physique sound mind incessantly searches for that dual mood(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(laugh) : “well it could be contemplation itself..” Tantrum : “could be only if the idea of action to search for food was no more else if you don’t satisfy it it will force you to be not you if you do it tells you you’re this hence whose whose beau(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(smile) : “surely you’re trapped only due to pokemons isn’t it bro..” Tantrum : “an excuse of a professional pro(all laugh a lot)..you know this brat you see here has to stay at the roof whole night contemplating along with me in psychic channels half subtle(all laugh) if I reject him henceforth he may search for me exactly why he can’t be himself is what I’m telling him is cause he’s to him is ever he despite knowing that he isn’t that cause it’s not he(all laugh a lot,cheers for PALKIAFREE)..thus he should give up his sanity you know and be free(all laugh) strangely to us this process is vital thus we’ve been left to rot in this pure infidelity(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(smile) : “hence is your idea to make them force you out of this misery by telling you how you’re failing and due to your thirst to know this method itself you’re ever running after what’s no matter how good being duality is ever illusory..” Tantrum : “pretty much but instability as you understand is ever our accessory(all laugh)..” Mildred(smile) : “well in you’re just turning the heat up on yourself significantly if you fail you go bust that’s all to you isn’t it bro like me and Terry(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “yeah pretty much and then HUMANITY is going to make you honest the necessity is never what’s NECESSARY(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(laugh) : “yeah that is like saying night honey,hush!professionalism!(all burst into laughter,..) the generalization of a day in specificity requires one to be a person thus the creation of segments of life ever an hindrance to the maximization of earning professional money,thanks(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “better it(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(laughing) : “well then the reply should be like in the ideology of agglomeration to the most universalized path optimization is ever hindered unless locally generalizable thus be specific,thanks(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “yeah then this too you’ll have to better(all laugh)..” Mildred(laugh) : “I understand this hideous games(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “Oh Vulture this is EMOTIONAL pain(all burst into laughter)..(Mildred bursts into laughter)..” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “yeah blessed ever be the newly married(all laugh a lot,Seth and Stash cheer for BEAUTY!BEAUTY!,all laugh a lot,..) well then to better it it will be like specification of any phenomena is based upon the generalized cognition of it,thanks(all laugh)..to which the reply will be then again perception entailed from cognition has to be personalized but once more that can’t be described unless professional which if one does is only doing so being personal as so on(all laugh)..but..(bit surprized,very happy,as if getting something suddenly)..bro..(beaming)..I understand the never ending struggle rather rejection of psychophysicality..thanks a lot..” Tantrum : “professionally it’s only you cause it’s never me/personally it’s ever me thus it’s never thee(all laugh)..” Mildred(smile) : “thus give up the idea of psychophysicality..” Tantrum : “PHILOSOPHY(all laugh a lot)..before transmigration or actuation there’s no dual pair of you MENTAL COPY(all laugh)..anyway this was only one part you know just to be professional in personal life else there’s a trouble constantly for that as Hikkie would tell you the best you must be able to be real in illusion instantly(all laugh)..” Mildred(smile) : “thus your beau vs bro..”
Tantrum : “actually the generalized forms are brew vs crow(all burst into laughter) rue vs throw(all laugh),sue vs hoe(all laugh a lot),to vs fro the most interesting one of perfect equilibrium that you’ll find in any garment shop workers’ parking lot manager Murkrow(all burst into laughter) but most importantly also in shrew vs pro(all burst into laughter,Seth and Stash cheers for SHREW THE DREW WHO SPEW,..)”
Mildred(laughing a lot) : “that you have to be constant always like any hostel warden Ferfetched(all uncontrollably laugh,Cuong,Gary,Seth and .controllably laugh in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter)”
Tantrum : “yeah whom you’ll meet tomorrow morning not many hours left as you want to enter the cage(all laugh)..so you better go and sleep take everything with you there including your medicines of any kinds take absolutely everything of any kind including your toothbrush if you can’t take all now later bring them absolutely take as much as you can now but toothbrush is the only that will be staying(all laugh a lot) in the beginning that’s all later you can leave your toothbrush too(all laugh a lot)..you should take the image copies of your system with you though and whatever is your material including every piece of paper that you’ve kept with you fondly,reluctantly,passionately,merrily or in obligation(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,..)..any intellectual propensities if unbinding is accepted as a bigger hindrance hence allowed to be kept for surveillance(all laugh a lot)..for gross nothing’s needed as they’re on a ration thus they will have to provide you according to your passion cause that’s the point of the beggar’s compassion(all laugh a lot,cheers for MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,..)..the rest is all if you wish to donate which you’ve desired will be distributed you will have two sets of dresses and the field work stuff if selected though mentally(all laugh a lot) if selected you will live mentally my dear little sis thus what’s abundant there subtle or gross is ever dispensed with MORALLY(all laugh a lot)..”
Mildred(bit worried) : “um..bro were you like finally unhealthy or something so that you came away from Zipgarnet(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Tantrum : “no it’s ration again I was there for 3 years did what I thought was to be done(all laugh..lot) same as when I was at the lab before for 2.5 now Ghastly has been there for 7 years running even before me and Strawberry who will have to be there no matter as you know we have a choice atleast(all laugh a lot,cheers for MAGMORTGOLEM,..) and no I need refreshments too with me it’s most important after 2.5 years with the vultures I was very happy but next 6 months with people they disturbed my mental balance you know(all laugh..lot) hence it’s just working among HUMANS!HUMANS!(all laugh a lot)..i won’t be going forward cause i’m too wavering and won’t stay single cause i’m far more overbearing and not in single family life cause i’m overly inured(all laugh..lot) and not in multiple family lives cause i’m all obscured(all laugh..lot)..hence I went out in pokemon as a profession for 2.5 years didn’t like the fact that in captivity they have to depend on many things in wild I have to depend on humans not present there cause I'm physically a human(all laugh..lot)..mentally i’m just a being like anyone thus these names come up hence this disguise you see is just impenetrable being subtle as it’s only mental(all laugh..lot) and you repeat what you want to be like practices in forward and that’s how you get your first name anyway so it’s a double edged help(all laugh..lot)..so I went out roaming around and I liked the donated foods the dustbins the land fills the crematories and places that entertain you know you mind as the body dissolves revealing it’s unnecessary just as in the birth it’s such a big worry(all laugh..lot)..Lastly can’t stand humans though(all laugh a lot) a propensity towards specifications it better be not a roads.. s.. atleast unless an entrepreneur in new venture(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Mildred(smile) : “surely won’t be anyone but his soulmate wouldn’t it no matter what..” Tantrum : “yeah a consolation for his e..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Mildred(broad smile) : “no matter for the point of view of one side still none but him isn’t it bro..” Tantrum : “that’s why the idea of he can’t stay separate while the idea his brew which is never the case for any crow(all laugh a lot)..for Berry it’s worse though atleast lastly speaks properly with people unless they’re abnormal that is sane from the word go(all laugh a lot) for Berry all anyone will get is downright insult(all laugh) cause he specializes in the generalization of the Crow(all laugh) hence same for him in plurality but the deeper trouble for him is that may be too many a.. will make his s.. senile earlier hence will be in more glee thus just hope he doesn’t get involved in a murder of morality(all laugh shaking their heads)..but still for me it’s the worst I unlike them already accept that l.. j.. c.. mentally are so beneficial(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Mildred(bit concerned) : “but um..if I tell him these indirectly(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Tantrum : “you can say directly cause he will have to you know thus this preparation(all laugh) it’s a long way Millie we saw a case from 9 to 11 first hand and they were still always devoted to each other since first sight at 9 another from 3 running they were so natural never wavered and Mr Otto’s daughter in law too never met her but Meat his son is very straight up much like the other cases the first case I mentioned is rather striking cause of their forwardness so long long way for you all(all laugh a lot)..” Mildred(laugh) : “I guess thus they’re at the lab too along with one you mentioned from 3(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “yeah for 7 years now permanently for fifth year running the other two more than 13 years surprising though(all laugh a lot)..but no the first couple they stay with a person whose husband left her high and dry later the inherent successors thus rejected her saying how can I be my(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash and Seth laughs a lot)..so this is consolation for her emotion you know only till by them the most dear children she ruthlessly the physical kick mentally the throw(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash and Seth cheers for CIVILIZATION,..)..anyway,be careful of them though most aren’t sane including their original parents sweetening(all laugh a lot)” Mildred(laughing a lot) : “I think that’s only my family PSYCHOLOGICALLY(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “fatally(all burst into laughter)”
Mildred(laughing a lot) : “with a bottle of 97% alcohol along this stroll around the roofs of other houses never touching them using a phone to talk with me due to moral digressions absolutely(all burst into laughter)
Tantrum : “laterally COUNTERING(all burst into laughter)” ....(same day after Terry returns home,Mr Wolfgang is at home as well).…
Terry(crying, r Wolfgang) : “grandpa..”
Wolfgang(tenderly patting him) : “Terry it’s ok my doll they are always like that I told you..you weren’t ok since that day with pokemons and since Randy got out he and his compeers are in their process thus only those two went there the rest you understand the best EXCEPT the guns..”
Terry(crying,same pose) : “they..”
Wolfgang(mildly,same pose) : “no I only can tell you that they’re not leaving you even if I do Terry just that..”
Terry(surprized) : “what..(scream,cry)..NO..” Strawberry(suddenly appearing in the room) : “shame on your professional aptitude Fowldung surely you were too infatuated personally with your specific wife all a mistake thus in general isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads) “
Wolfgang(frown) : “it’s ok Terry I’m more than fine Monroe please..(Monroe controls Terry)..why are you here..(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “CammieSilly and GissieJippie has succeeded in getting a job at the factory(all laugh) and MillieDillie(all laugh) will be giving her test tomorrow whole day(all laugh) if she is left unscathed she will be accepted else dissected(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(shout) : “you..grandpa these..(all laugh)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “it’s..”
Strawberry : “weren’t you taught how to be professional at your personal behest Fowldung or are you too infatuated with your personal spit and specific cough(all laugh shaking their heads) anything else..no..thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Terry(shout) : “you..”
Strawberry(suddenly changing expression) : “be professional with me Mr Terrence generalization is oblique thanks(all laugh)..(normally)..so I hereby forward to you that given everything there will be a furore handle it professionally else Bosangria city gym will be confiscated specifically(all laugh a lot)”
Wolfgang(frown) : “keep forwarding(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “next is that because of given circumstances today it’s unsafe for your 2 years to be around your grandson a professional backstabber has to personally regret in the specific end ALONE(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “I will object if it’s you or SPECIFICALLY Hologram and absolutely not Phantom even if Random(all laugh..lot,..LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..” Strawberry : “objection accepted in HALF to ensue it(all burst..) with delight personally never professionally thus generalization doesn’t specifically alight(all laugh)..anyway I’m on leave today so I’ll pass my time with him PROFESIONALLY(all laugh)..clear off from here and don’t pop up unless you want to know the universal Bewear thanks(all laugh shaking their heads)..you won’t hence give up the generalities of the specificities of personal condition PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(extremely angry) : “you..”
Wolfgang(frown,his assitants control Terry) : “it’s ok dear unless I say is going to extract every bit of it from your memory globally(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Strawberry : “ecologically(all burst into laughter)” Terry(shout) : “shut up you p..(all laugh shaking their heads)..you f.. b.. I was there there ok when..” Strawberry(changing his expression completely) : “professionalism demanded impersonality(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..(anything else..(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(shout) : “you b..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “this and pokemon profession Berry should’ve left with Willy silly(all burst into laughter,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Wolfgang(frown) : “I guess Hands-On is an expert at this ESPECIALLY across planes as Cammie and Gissie suggested(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “CONTESTED(all laugh a lot)..would’ve attested if were professional never mentally ever EMOTIONALLY(all laugh a lot)..this is why you’ve been chasing causality isn’t it Fowldung hence now all the more that you have come under the hood of your own existence personally(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “I guess there’s a right ambiance for everything(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “it could escalate Fowldung given your grand personality can professionally jump the guns(all laugh shaking their heads)” Terry(extremely angry) : “you b.. who is holding me up now(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “PHILOSOPHICALLY(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(shout) : “you..”
Strawberry(changing his expression) : “is no more if can’t be categorized as bro or beau(all laugh a lot)..you see Fowldung this is what i’m saying that personally I have long way to go to be deemed professionally still can’t work unless the most fickle thing takes hold easiest to break never dually(all laugh a lot)..”
Wolfgang(scowl) : “I guess if it was Tantrum would’ve been far more heinous hence you the wrong footed version(all laugh a lot,cheers for LILLIE FLOWER,..)”
Strawberry : “he would’ve failed like I did Fowldung but the reason why he’s not here is because he would’ve returned to the same point no matter what till not it succeeded but it was no more hence only I intervened him cause that’s specifiable professionalism not optimizable generalization(all burst into laughter) which is needed here cause your grandson isn’t personally upto what he wishes to of specifications(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Terry(shout) : “I’ll show you..”
Phantom(becoming visible just beside Terry into his ears) : “encyclopedic tickling(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(again disappears)..”
Terry(afraid,agitated) : “come out you b.. if your g..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “it won’t TerryBilly cause it(all laugh a lot) has come out of this space itself thus can be anywhere generally(all laugh a lot) tell me about the accident Fowldung medically(all laugh shaking their heads)..or are your assistants here too personal SPECIFICALLY(all laugh a lot)..” Wolfgang(frown) : “they..”
Strawberry : “let them Fowldung personally enough with your ego specifically(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Wolfgang(frown) : “yeah Monroe,Devon you better you understand that(all laugh a lot)..” Monroe(straight) : “i’ve been his assistant for 20 years now Mr Berry had to go through all the specifications so it’s imperative” Strawberry : “20 years is a long time personally Mr Monroe what’s your growth PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(straight) : “advisory officers of Strawberry Codes don’t have any promotion(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “tell me about the fortunes of your familial relations(all laugh a lot)..” Monroe(straight) : “all well secured Jim Jidokakal is the current Yellowburt head(all burst..,Jimmy Jimmy name hologram,#)..Jim’s mom no more for 20 exact years now Hands-On#..”
Strawberry : “sweetening(all laugh shaking their heads)..you see statistics strives the hardest to find GROSS relationships between specific numbers in general(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(straight) : “was a botanist contacted a bad flue that broke out that year at Tealneat City region throughout the valley surrounding it..” Strawberry : “materially(all laugh shaking their heads)..so because of emotional closure you found this self confessed altruist the next day suspicious(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “it stemmed from a case that was extremely hard and that was Mr Wolfgang’s turning point in his career mine too since then the association was there then 12 years back my son went to Mysozenta City for his degrees and here that tragedy happened then next year I shifted in this house cause it was the best thing for all concerned” Strawberry : “this son intrigues me professionally Mr Monroe I guess you too personally(all laugh shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “the paperworks are authentic deemed by Bosangria justice at that time 41 years back when Mr Wolfgang was just about starting out..” Strawberry : “that’s not a professional answer is it Mr Monroe personally(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Terry(extremely angry) : “you b..”
Strawberry : “it’s hard to remain professional with this attitude isn’t it TerryBilly specially amongst specifications..anything else..(all laugh a lot)”
Terr(crying,extremely angry) : “you f.. p.. who do you..” Strawberry(changing his expression) : “deem so personally indeed the answer is all PROFESIONALLY thanks(all laugh a lot)..(normally)..it’s a big help for generality isn’t it Mr Monroe if it can conform for a specific amount of time with certain specificity it gets accustomed to the upcoming uncertainty of globalization rather when there’s an attempt to localize is the best sending spates of personalities(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(straight) : “I would’ve agreed to this if the specifications 20 years ago could be reversed(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “conversely(all laugh shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “then again you have to know the details Mr Berry that’s the point(all laugh shaking their heads)” Strawberry : “that’s always a personal account isn’t it Mr Monroe of professional existence(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Phantom(appearing just beside Monroe,putting his hand around his shoulder) : “tell him the practices compeer of your MENTAL assistance-MADDENING(disappears again)..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,..)” Monroe(straight) : “I admit to the specifications Mr Berry but my profession requires me to have a good view of small changes across times hence you can understand the rest..” Strawberry : “a personal anchor Mr Monroe exactly why is this PROFESSIONAL test isn’t it(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Phantom(similar to previous occurrence this time beside Terry) : “COUNTERING(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Terry(crying,shout) : “you b.. grandpa this..”
Wolfgang(controlling Terry,frown) : “it’s ok honey this all according to their own self inflicted misery must bear some meaning(all laugh a lot,Seth and Gary uncontrollably laugh,Cuong and Stash cheers for THE MEANING,..)”
Strawberry : “the same difference between refreshing and cleaning(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Phantom(beside Terry similarly) : “the other side TerryBilly smiling or beaming(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Terry(crying) : “you p.. you..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “Mr Phantom I hope you have enough sanity left in you to have volunteered here(all laugh a lot)”
Strawberry : “this expectation Fowldung of the professional far is what have got you personally near hasn’t it just like your sub-ordinate’s metaphysical genesis(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)”
Phantom(similarly this time beside Devon) : “electrolytically(all laugh shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “20 years ago I had enough time to understand the convolutions of existence you see..” Strawberry : “the specifications Mr Monroe I guess personally still not AMISS(all laugh shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “only the form(all laugh shaking their heads)” Phantom(similarly beside Wolfgang) : “actions are deemed surplus to conceptions to describe which comes the concept of norm COUNTERING(all laugh a lot)..(vanishes again,..)” Wolfgang(frown) : “I hope you can generalize the specific personalizations here professionally Mr Berry(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “covetously isn’t it Mr Monroe(all laugh shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “it’s a matter of specification not a corroboration of sorrow(all laugh shaking their heads)” Strawberry : “thus personality amidst generalized specification of existence is a professional harrow isn’t it Mr Monroe in global rhymes(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Monroe(straight) : “it’s not a part of practice Mr Berry only a proverbial tactics..” Strawberry : “I guess you’ll know the best certainly not as much as Fowldung though I can bet that at this age personalization is a matter of professional best(all laugh shaking their laughs)” Monroe(straight) : “well I afraid you can’t progress further Mr Berry cause I can’t either verbally can I(all laugh shaking their heads)” Strawberry : “exactly why you won’t be able to professionally express why aren’t you mentally anymore my(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(straight) : “that’s what i’m not looking for Mr Berry but this exact idea as I said is ever agnostic to another..” Strawberry : “thus professionally of them you shouldn’t personally bother should you Mr Monroe..” Monroe(broad smile,Wolfgang smiles too as does Devon,Terry scowls at Strawberry) : “I get you son..I get you..” Phantom(beside Devon) : “so finally forgot her indeed the epitome to validate what’s not defined as a very cunning shrew in reverse though just a matter of bro and beau COUNTERING(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..(vanishes)..” Monroe(smile) : “it will be unrecognizable won’t it then at the height in this case no matter Mr Berry..” Strawberry : “that’s the personal standpoint of a professional specifier who generalizes the self in the global domain a local verifier(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(smile) : “not if it’s the other Mr Berry as you said why bother me to me just an objective modifier..” Strawberry : “it thus should be the subjective pacifier I assume(all laugh shaking their heads)” Monroe(smile) : “always the objective rectifier Mr Berry just as you say generalization of specific to specify it as general..” Strawberry : “bifurcately(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(smile) : “that’s the motivation isn’t it Mr Berry that’s it’s only so cause of forking not assembling..” Strawberry : “thus you become fascinated with the idea of professional oneness Mr Monroe ever the personal preambling(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(smile) : “well then the answer is as you all three show it’s impossible to get out of the truth cause it’s not leaving at no point thus at with my experiences it’s just the surplus of consciousness that existence validates itself upon not the whole of consciousness thus that’s the security for Mr Tantrum’s vultures and my loyalty(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “reciprocity(all laugh a lot)..anyhow you’re relived now Mr Monroe cause you prove that you’ve been perceptive enough of flitting personalities best described by profession of generality as specific(all laugh shaking their heads)..anything else(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(laugh) : “just that my son and his family may ask for advises from you never either ever all(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheers THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Strawberry : “specifically for his public privatization of professionalism projecting his personality as a specific way to generalize locality amidst the universe which thus he will deem optimizable professionally deepening(all laugh a lot) thus will have to personify his general approach to professional specifications manifested only as general thickening(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Monroe(laugh) : “yeah hence the professional guidance is ever personally appreciated(all laugh)..” Phantom(showing up beside Devon,similar way) : “THAT FEELING(vanishes)..(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)” Strawberry : “for you Mr Personally Specific(all uncontrollably laugh,..) I believe the general feeling is the specificity amidst personal universe projected professionally unto your personalized characteristics predefined professionally(all laugh shaking their heads)” Devon(laugh) : “well for me it’s easier in terms of gross responsibilities not abstract homogeneities(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..anyway nice to meet you Mr Berry finally professionally without personifications(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “the lore of which being assured of the reverse unlike them at present might have been too general for you in past or will be in future to not universalize your personal understanding of personality as a profession(all laugh shaking their heads)” Devon(smile) : “well the duality if projected out as abstract not absorbed in as concrete it only gives back the reality being projected in in concrete not emitted out in abstraction..thus it’s just the culmination of existence only a way to purify consciousness via emotions..” Strawberry : “ramifications(all laugh shaking their heads)” Devon(smile) : “well it’s just the point of abstraction Mr Berry viewed from reverse not searched..” Strawberry : “how long did it take personally defined in professional scales since now to then(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/as I said Mr Devon unless you can define it in temporal scales specifications will generalize you the spin off of time what’s the use of fruit natural if the tree is planted diligently(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash cheers for YEARS GO BY/ON-THE-FLY/YET THE MONTHS THOUGH RETURN THE SAME SAYING NO THIS IS NOT I/THUS TO THE DAYS SAY HALLOW NEVER HI,all un..,cheers for MASTER BRAT,Tracey and Gary shake their heads laughing)” Devon(laugh) : “well we both wish our daughter won’t know the generalized self contradiction theory till she starts her first journey atleast eligible since the time you're Mr Berry and given her propensities you may have to host her in your school too like so many from next sem if not this(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheer for CONHOOPA)..and well for us it was that this self contradiction was personified always to be viable(all laugh a lot)” Phantom(beside Terry similar way) : “THE MOST ENGAGING(vanishes)..(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “what’s your professional relationship with this gender TerryBilly in personal orientations(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Terry(shout,extremely angry) : “you f.. b..”
Phantom(being seen around the room in different poses disturbing different people differently including Terry and Wolfgang,many dragons hold many up and so on has snatched away all the communication devices and all,Strawberry if Terry tries to catch him after he dances with him just moves aside as if a statue by Zewel Phantom’s Zwelious,video taken by Mr Wolfgang’s assistant Devon,all laugh a lot,cheers for Lastly the Professional Phantoms) : “
Existence when you’re in my consciousness is hardly ever here(all burst into laughter,cheers for MS VOLBEAT,..)
Cause it keeps me to myself saying while I say these all are just born to disappear(all laugh a lot) How do I return to the self that I was in the slumber(all burst into laughter,cheers for LASTLY a GHASTLY PHANTOM) How will I keep myself up here so that the dreams don’t fall under(all burst into laughter) Consciousness being the self adjusting wire(all laugh a lot) So existentially I wanted water, but the adjustments of validation said I’ll walk through the fire(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for WATERFIRE,..) To validate which I must make the stakes emotionally higher(all burst into laughter) So that when I’ll try come through I can say that the world keeps testing me,hence i’m testing myself as thee but that’s thee so not me(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..
anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..no..thanks(vanishes)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for look-only-at)
Terry(very angry) : “no I tell you all these scoundrels actually mean something else(all laugh shaking their heads,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheer for THE MEANING,..)..”
Strawberry : “that this idea you have TerryBilly of non relative singularity if is to be defined in general specificity is only going to take you to the locality of being a professional in personal plurality(all burst into laughter) thus you being a professional can’t be a personal no matter the singularity(all laugh a lot) and if you don’t want it professionally all you do is to be another personally thus once more you only become you by means of another specifically cause they can’t exist unless you define them against yourself GENRALLY(all laugh)..hence is the idea of encyclopedia that there’s no way to get out of this personally hence be honest to the fact that it tickles to be you cause you’re not as you’re not the viseversa the professional generalization of psychophysical specifications thus is only an illusion never real as it’s never available cause it’s illusion thus it tickles always rather GLOBALLY due to it’s infeasible locality of optimization,thanks(all burst into laughter)”
Terry(bit controlled) : “enough with these you lowlife grandpa they are using pokemons to induce states on humans I understand it myself..(all laugh)..”
Strawberry : “compositionally(all laugh a lot)..”
Wolfgang(frown) : “who are present here professionally(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “Shelgon,Growlith and Mesprit rhyming(all laugh)..(Growlith becomes partially visible as do Mesprit and Shelgon)..” Terry(frown,much agitated) : “where are all those other brats atleast another fire type is here(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom(beside Devon similarly) : “psychedelically..(vanishes,..)..(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “..do you know the professional name of this specific process TerryBilly(all laugh)..” Terry(frown) : “why are you all after me(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “I see still lack of generality(all laugh)..well we wouldn’t have been had it not been for your performance with Vespequens and subsequent actions through the hospital to today till now you seem dangerous for public safety that’s all(all laugh)” Terry(very angry) : “grandpa this is only an insinuation I tell you..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Strawberry : “THE MEANING indeed(all laugh a lot),thus you see either you’re need to be killed or try to be THRILLED(all laugh a lot)..so you want to be you professionally while being another personally as while you try to be another generally your idea of being you affects you specifically(all laugh)..” Terry(angry) : “yeah hence you advocate for people to give up their sanity..(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “specificity(all laugh)..” Terry(very angry) : “yeah enough with this..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “see what’s not yours personally how can you keep it PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh a lot,Stash and Seth cheer for Strawberry Facepalm,..)..hence if you want yourself to be so or not to be so specifically how can you manage to do so unless you first give up the idea of duality GENERALLY(all laugh)..Fowldung we need privacy ETHICALLY(all laugh)..” Wolfgang(broad smile) : “morally(all laugh)..(all about to go away except Strawberry and Terry)..” Strawberry : “just a personal moment Davo(all uncontrollably laugh,..) what’s your profession psychologically(all laugh a lot)..” Devon(laughing) : “i’m the chief investigation officer appointed by Strawberry Code investigating the case “Justice : the Night of Freedom”(all three of them burst into laughter outside as they’re zapped out just after they finish the sentence)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURE FRONTIER) Terry(bit confused) : “um..what do you mean(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “the idea of sanity asks what’s the validation of reality a question being dual thus is only self contradictory cause what’s real doesn’t bother about the dual what’s dual shouldn’t bother about the real yet if they can’t be defined without the other it makes no sense for either thus why bother about the other if it’s you or them thus ever another(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(irritated) : “shut up!(all laugh)..all this is just to..(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Strawberry : “let’s talk about physique then how do you know it’s your physique when you know it’s the same as another(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(irritated) : “that’s cause it’s different from others(all laugh)..(bit surprized)..um..(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “hence you shouldn’t be bothered so much as to what’s you and what’s not cause they are relative thus contradictory cause they only try to disprove it but what happens if one tries to prove that right..(all laugh)..” Terry(beam,suddenly as if has understood something) : “YES!..it means it’s the syndrome of pure sanity thus freedom is in giving it all up by means of sanity itself like..no matter what I may feel in the end it won’t be me thus there’s no point in this vain also to look at others cause that only means now I’m this hence let’s see what’s not thus hence it’s like..but..(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR,..)..” Strawberry : “LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,..)..” Terry(beam,jumping up) :”YES!THAT’S ALSO WHAT RANDY TANTRUM IS UPTO..like if it’s all an illusion let it all exist cause no matter of me it’s only delusion thus I’m ever free from..from yes then SPECIFICA PERSONALIZATION..thus being professional is the only generalization(all laugh a lot,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)..” Strawberry : “no don’t bother to specify my physique as a person cause that’s exactly what is improfessional as it’s only an answer to a question(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(beaming,still   Strawberry) : “no it won’t matter as I said cause there’s no physique which I’ll know hence you too(all laugh)..that a question comes up if only there’s the answer that it’s not you(all laugh a lot)..which is a question itself that is this you(all laugh a lot)..or if it’s a question is this not you then the presumptive answer is only that it’s so cause it’s you(all laugh)..thus away from all these is what I’m ever with infinitely many swords like as you all sang that day at hospital hence OH VULTURE NOW YOU CAN COME IN HOARDS(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “be professional TerryBilly(all laugh)..” Terry(smile,singing) : “Magma Ma Ma Mag Mag Ma Mag Mag Ma Mag Mag Ma/Mag Ma Ma Ma Ma Ma Ma Mag Mag Ma Ma(all burst into laughter,cheers for MAGMORTGOLEM,..)/doesn’t ever bother to get evolved cause it’s all the same as Hoopa(alllaugh a lot)/Thus no duality or what real hence I’ve no bother/Thus it won’t matter what may be the existential counter consciousness can’t tell me this you are(all laugh laugh a lot)/and no matter what consciousness gives existence can’t tell me it’s not you cause duality is just the slumber(all laugh a lot)..um..(bit self conscious now)..um..did I just sing(all laugh a lot)..but um..hang on it’s like um..self consciousness which isn’t real the reverse too also can’t be proved unless it’s dual thus..” Phantom(similar way as previous seen everywhere in different pose with different pokemons from his bunch) : “APHORISM ENDS LA LA LA LA LA LA LA/EXPLANATION SAYS HOOPA PA PA AH HA HA HA..(Terry uncontrollably laughs)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Terry(laugh) : “um..do you sing too Mr Berry..(laughing a lot)..professionally(all laugh a lot,cheers for MS VOLBEAT,..)..” Strawberry : “yeah the difference between this and personal aspect of singing is what is shown by Ms Volbeat just to tell all that she has had enough with this duality of FEELING(all laugh a lot,cheers for SO NAIVE,..)..” Terry(laughing a lot) : “just self healing(all laugh a lot)..like, Mag Mag Mag Mag Ma Ma Mag Mag Ma Ma..”
Phantom(same way) : “evolves when is asked to tell difference between despair and stigma(all burst into laughter)/Mag Mag Mag Mag Mer Mer Mer Mag Mag Mer Mag Mag Mer(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(broad smile) : “evolves when asked to make ethical and surreal similar(all burst into laughter)/Mag Mag Mag Mag Mor Mor Ter Mag Mor Mag Mag Morter(all laugh a lot)..”
Strawberry : “specifies that general mass is all own cause that’s what makes them the other(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(smile) : “but as it is said general it specifies that they aren’t me cause thus I become me not another(all laugh)/thus Magmorter tells us only to BE never bother(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “anyway this joy isn’t professional cause personally you believe you were relieved of specifications only thus now is roaming aimlessly in the general being no one(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Terry(smile,  Strawberry) : “no way you can escape this one Gary no way(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “morally(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(laugh) : “man Facepalm by all means(all laugh a lot)..no I get you you have to be absolutely minute in personal life first up if yo want to be fully professional thus only is this Tantrum against the vultures again and again else you will always return to yourself no matter(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “anyway would you complain that you won’t be considered at all for a position at the factory(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(laugh) : “personality aside this is to provide enough food for Randy who has been kicked out of even sewage corporation(all laugh)..and no I get you cause they were too emotional around pokemons like Gissie or too thoughtful like Cammie or too overzealous like Millie but I was only too happy like you brats whereas they are like SO NAIVE(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..”
Strawberry : “professionally(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(laughing) : “so I guess I will have to room with A Random Tryrantum..PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh)..cause with so many dragons and these antics I don’t think Seth is presentable at all to sanity(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)”
Strawberry : “indeed(all laugh a lot) by the way I must ask you specifically if you know a certain Mr Wayne Mukhareb professionally the general report is that this man can be..”
Phantom(similar way) : “OH GLORIOUS!NO I WON’T GIVE IN YES I WON’T GIVE IN TILL I KNOW WHAT’S FICTITIOUS!(all burst into laughter,Seth and Tracey uncontrollably laugh)..”
Terry(laughing a lot) : “yeah most certainly in all accounts he’s now gonna see what’s a Runerigus at Cerulean challenge ABLOUTELY(all laugh)..anyway thus also I must ask you what about the waterfire(all laugh a lot)”
Phantom(now visible getting his pokemons in the ball except Gible and,Mesprit is visible,Shelgon and Growlith are also getting in ball) : “that’s the point of Mr Mukhareb’s vigil TerryBilly that they want to remain in-between despite being themselves thus become subject to their own WHIM..THE MOST ENSUING rhymes saw(Terry bursts into laughter)..(all bursts into laughter)..”
Terry(laughing..lot) : "are you actually Phantom#..Caster Hat,#,.."
A Voice(heard) : "Oh Midas Touch/Along Passed..Concentration you scenery/effects last/witness past/seer to seen you spectre..
moving on/Midas con/to be move on to/Ah Along Passed/Meaning asks/answer drowns under thus..
Ah..Midas Touch/Along Passed..Phantom the any to perceptuary..look in lexicon/meaning gone/to user Phantom then that to scenery..just to be counteri'#..Midas Touch,#,.."
Monogram : "Phantom : The Monogram of Lie#.."
Terry(laughing..lot) : "Phantom : The Meaning of Lie..indeed next term to expectation now Phantom#..Caster Hat,#,.."
...(next day,morning Tantrum comes to pick up Terrence)..
Security : “excuse me Sir but your identity..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Stash cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,all burst into laughter)”
Tantrum : “morning in my eyes/so this Hakamo-O says if it was physically there before then morning is a linguistic disguise(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS)/morning is sunrise/any light of success to the dark days of practice is the excise(all uncontrollably laugh laugh,..,al cheers for COUNTERING)
oh dark dark dark dark shadow vanish/oh dark dark dark dark weather punish/oh dark dark dark dark candour finesse/of a doer..emaciated reliance..
oh dark dark dark dark..dark is seer/oh dark dark dark dark..being hear..
oh dark dark dark dark in darkness/oh dark dark..Fiery Next#..Fiery Next,#,..
..any remaining logical confusion swept under symbolic carpet(all un..)..no..thanks(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)”
Guards(confused) : "but Niji was more presentable why a creature that has bright red hairs with even brighter red eyes with a bluish skin as if thoroughly poisoned roam around claiming as a um.. relatable comprehension yeah#..Weather Chat,#,.."
(getting in..Strawberry coming out)
Strawberry : “the experience here was fundamental in nature you couldn’t even discern the fact that professionally you can’t accuse the personal commitment only the professional deficiency of the length of the emergency stretcher(all burst into laughter,..)”
Tantrum : “that’s because you’re in similar vain as to this hombre ever in need to be on the bus/no matter the stretcher engine or the desire or the carriers are there according to you hence like him you too only want to be perceptive of discerning energy more than the efficacy of the particles of reality converting yourselves thus to be amongst the MASS(all burst into laughter)..ethical tools(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Strawberry : “till you specifically become real indeed thus personally no illusion ever generally harrow/hence you roam around in too much glee professionally it’s a disease only if you say then I won’t be personally subject to sorrow(all burst into laughter)..philosophical fools(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
..(Strawberry goes away with Hakamo-O..)..
Terry(laughing) : “man do you seriously believe a Hakamo-O can better these understandings(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “do you understand what Mr Berry told(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(laugh) : “that you’ll have to discern too no matter your efficacy hence it’s a matter of honesty’s plurality(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “which still is a duality isn’t it(all laugh)..” Terry(laugh) : “the vultures are more customizable indeed no matter the existential connectivity(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “it’s consciousness that will ever you to be her/existence will at the same time tell her to be him thus how can you conquer(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(smile) : “there’s no need for it at the end it’s only the desire to be real the problem in the procedure is all in trying to be the very desire(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “the desire is the only thing that’s assured to keep you up/all that’s dual how else do you keep on to usurp(all laugh)..” Terry(smile) : “if there’s a desire and I don’t become that/the desire will keep existing unless I throw off my conscious cap/that I’m neither dual nor real thus illusive hence I desire to be so/again it’s illusion only a hoax if only known will only go(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “hence you must be pure mustn’t you in body and mind/without attempt without discernment else purity is illusion only cause it’s only of a kind(all laugh)..” Terry(smile) : “thus this tremendous force of illusion itself is what’s going to take me to unbind/all I have to die for is to let it be so in my mind(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “thus practice this from now my dear sweetest bro/whenever you have to transact in consciousness existentially tell yourself to be only physically so and if the transaction is with existence consciously tell yourself mentally though(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Stash and Seth cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST SPIN THE WHEEL/WHEN DUALITY CHALLENGS JUST PUT UP THE LOOK OF THAT REAL STEEL/INSIDE YOU THEN WHAT HAPPENS YOU’LL ONLY FEEL/HENCE OUTSDIE WHATEVER HAPPENS IT WILL ONLY BE THE EXTENSION OF THE SAME REEL,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Gary cheers for,OH DOCTOR TODAY LET’S BASH/NO DOCTOR DON’T YOU SLASH/CAUSE DOCTOR TODAY I FEEL TO SMASH/HENCE TO NON-PSYCHOPHYSICALIZE MY FEELINGS OH DOCTOR NOW YOU DASH,Stash and Seth cheers for hence PEWTER look at this time and shine,cause THE BOULDER is gonna reign in the light..of 322 dark nights,Gary cheers for HENCE OH DOCTOR DOCTOR BID/NO DOCTOR DON’T LEAVE THE PLANT BEFORE PLANTING THE SEED/CAUSE DOCTOR NO MATTER IT’S IN THE NEED/TO BE ESTABLISHED IN ONE WAY ELSE ALL WILL FALL IN THE GOLDEN CONFUSION OF PLURALITY HENCE OH DOCTOR NOW YOU LEAD,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DOCTOR DASH,all laugh even more..)..so first of all is Viol flower still alive(all laugh)..” Violet(fits of laughter) : “OH DOCTOR I’M IN SHOCK/NO DOCTOR DON’T YOU BLOCK/THAT WHAT I TRY TO BE I MYSELF MAKE ME BECOME THE SUBJECT TO THE CLOCK/THUS OH DOCTOR NOW YOU THROW THE MENTAL ROCK(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Stash,Seth and Gary unison,that oh doctor illusion is in my very own MENTAL DOCK/thus OH DOCTOR NOW YOU KNOCK,all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Mallow(laughing a lot) : “man Dashing CROOK has been totally evaporated(all laugh a lot)..like Oh Doctor I still trail/No Doctor don’t say your health has become pale/Cause Oh Doctor in the same way while I only self sending the reality’s mail give myself the bail/Hail THE Doctor feeling it so being separated now does SAIL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Lillie(laughing a lot) : “Like Oh Doctor I’m going through a path but I can move only if there’s non psychophysical gale/No Doctor don’t say it’s just the process to scale/Cause Doctor a snail doesn’t feel that it’s motion is too stale/so Oh Doctor feeling it to be ever present like all feelings being only tales..OH DOCTOR NOW YOU RAIL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Daisy(laughing a lot) : “Or Like Oh Doctor what I’m or what not I can’t tell/No Doctor don’t say it’s only description of existential veil/Cause Doctor when all sends a mail/To you it becomes a communication cause the feeling being the same so DOCTOR DOCTOR TELL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Brock(laughing a lot) : “no this is professional murder(all laugh)..” Tracey(laughing a lot) : “OH DOCTOR TO ME YOU OR ME BOTH ARE OTHER/NO DOCTOR DON’T SAY THAT YOU WON’T BOTHER/CAUSE OH DOCTOR NO MATTER BEAU OR BRO IF YOU ONLY FEEL IT YOU’RE NO MORE OTHER/THIS PSYCHOPHYSICALITY THUS BECOMES YOU FEELING WHICH YOU GET SEPARATED NOT FROM DOCTOR BUT YOU RATHER..SO OH DOCTOR NOW YOU’RE NO MORE OTHER/CAUSE OH DOCTOR NOW YOU’RE THE VERY RUDDER(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Stash(laughing a lot) : “man no way Doctor Crook Slate is going to get out of room for a month atleast now(all laugh a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “no these brats intentionally sing these all times(all laugh a lot)..”
Seth(laugh) : “man it was unforgettable you know I release a damn Dialga one step below max evolution still a record by miles for a starter first imagine that(all laugh a lot) and then imagine what a song that was in reaction(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..THAT OH DOCTOR ROAD TO REALITY YOU PAVE/NO DOCTOR YOU CAN’T STAVE/CAUSE WE KNOW WHAT IS WHAT BUT WE WANT TO FEEL THE RAVE/THUS WE’RE AT RISK OF BECOMING AGAIN DUAL SO DOCTOR NOW US YOU SAVE(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Stash cheers for thus oh Doctor now you cave/322 darkness if fails outside can regain the confidence against the dual light to again BRAVE,all laugh even more,..)..” Stash(laugh) : “man Doctor Slate thus is indispensable across all eternities to all of us(all laugh)..I get my match and Pewter Rock comes up as the explanation and I have the original too though(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..and then Dialga comes up and man I mean who we were then you know we cared for no beings just that we didn’t know how to train own brats and Seth lad had 36 dragons all pseudo-legends if not then psychics(all laugh a lot)..Mallow asks me first up whose your starter I said Pikachu,um..but,no that’s mine,oh does he have a fire type(all laugh),no electric type,I see let me guess um..Plusle(all laugh a lot),no a Zekrom(all laugh a lot),huh!sees a girl and starts to..(all laugh a lot),say Garchomp(all laugh a lot)..then all 12 came in and Gible is on her head first up(all laugh) and Mallow is indeed SOMBRE STAT we both realized cause just imagine 36 dragons few refusing to evolve yet few almost most evolved they just didn’t know what to do about it both cases(all laugh a lot) straight runs to Doodle of all brats(all laugh) and was like in moon then returned and was fake fighting with Seth but just as he said good night whole expression changed so I said yeah tomorrow this and that,SHUT UP!(all laugh) then anyway went off I said you see Seth what happens when you’re a gym leader no matter the emotions(all laugh),thought this emotion is an effective cater exactly why this proverbial shatter the game of the cunning indeed THE MATTER(all burst into laughter)..I said best wishes for your shared journey i’m off tonight itself(all laugh a lot),not so quick bro you’ve learnt so far to move never to ROW(all laugh a lot) you know I’m only getting started(all laugh a lot),I said still you failed even after knowing it all these years what so special about this excuse my language(laughs a lot along with Seth and Mallow,all laugh shaking their heads),this is an opportunity Stashey this namecall sshh.. so delicious will be able to see what trails(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for young flower dream,all laugh even more,Mallow frowns as Seth,Seth laughs a lot  er firmly tendering her)..well that was sombre stat at her most sombre self that was Daisy flower’s world upended(all laugh a lot)..anyhow then at the first ever gym that comes up as a reaction from the very first gym leader and we knew we were only wasting our time so far trying to fright the human emotions out of us(all laugh a lot,Brock pats his head laughing)..and no that I have the original version too but only Viol flower knows the best about them(all laugh a lot)..” Violet(laugh) : “those two were the first things came to me after you two adorned Cerulean for the first time(all laugh) and this one was the beginning the whole of 27 years is all due to Cammie absolutely(all laugh,cheers for SILLY,all uncontrollably laugh)..man what sort of life we’re having this term(all laugh a lot)..and since the beginning of the 3 brats at the lab I knew eventually atleast one will be caught off the labs(all laugh) and we all wanted it to be the personal professional generally mellow specifically emotional(all laugh a lot) cause as Dase said he was EDUCATED(all laugh a lot) and Lillie flower was the most outrageous flower we knew the most(all laugh a lot) cause none couldn’t like her thus won’t be her so she was searching for a thing that won’t like her yet become her(all laugh a lot)..and didn’t know any more about what is what in gross which has relieved her thankfully(all laugh,Seth and . a lot)..man this most common phrase has been sent to heaven that leads to hell absolutely(all laugh)..anyway,so it was ok with Lil we knew her hubby will not be sane but(all laugh) will be like steady(all laugh a lot)..but Mallow was as ever too sweetie(all laugh) and so much younger to me and Dase we wanted the most perfect guy for her as did mom who was so horrified by A Random Tryrantum breaking in any day(all laugh a lot)..and her point was exactly as Dase in gross said she said this is all to get fans nothing else(all laugh) during the last days though said well Lil would like them(all laugh a lot) but Mallow flower was a headache for all of us as to with that sort of a persona what kind of a brat will show up but mom said just hope it’s not a Phantom(all laugh),and it was far far worse(all laugh),i’m her mom,rhymes with mental emotion ‘mam isn’t it consciously(all burst into laughter),definitely would’ve followed you till Pewter(all laugh) anyway we were hellbent to pamper her thus certainly wanted the best possible man for her if she wished which is the first thing she wished actually(all laugh a lot)..Dase was hellbent to find the man herself I said you know this is copybook murder of creative freedom just give her the EDUCATION THAT FEELING(bursts into laughter,all burst into laughter,Brock shakes his head laughing) and her Lillie flower only said she will get married before her cause she expects her hubby personally but doesn’t like the fact professionally(all burst into laughter) but then with the abstractions and especially the supplementary behavioural language(all laugh,Mallow laughs a lot  oy) we thought ok definitely is going to be out of her profession first most polite second cause none can better that sort of a Gyarados(all laugh) both of which came to be false cause you know we first heard whose the beau rhymes with Pyukumuku ‘mam doesn’t it(all laugh a lot,Seth and Mallow bursts into laughter) anyway before that Dr Oak was caught we were in heavens by then actually seeing his skills too in gross(all laugh a lot) cause you know you look at him and the first thing you say is that what Lil told us that he’s stochastically steady thus parametrically ready(all burst into laughter,Lillie uncontrollably laughs  ary,Gary shakes his head laughing)..but then out of blue we hear the twin devils have finally usurped our little baby(all laugh) all of us namecalled Mallow like nothing the first day cause she was too familiar with A Random Tryrantum for more than a year by then(all laugh a lot) and still knew Strawberry Facepalm inside out of disguise(all laugh) but she couldn’t word down what she saw or heard first that is(all laugh a lot) and till then we were of the hope that the other twin who still was mysterious to most people cause he was the worst in rhymes(all laugh) we thought ok might’ve just left for Unova for good to start with(all laugh a lot) but then man we get the very first introduction to him what a day that was(all laugh) after that call I was crying profusely namecalling Lil(all laugh a lot) who said um..but he said they are occupational never analogical(all burst into laughter) and Dase since that day till that call for 23 years was trying to apprise the general judiciary that her baby sis has been kidnapped mentally that is(all laugh a lot) anyway still Dr jackal came up and well Dase will tell you how many genderous fan following he had(all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing) and the Professional Personal was most sought after especially to a form that he professionally didn’t personalize(all laugh a lot) and I went to Pewter and it was SO NAIVE(bursts into laughter,all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing) that day itself there was a beeline of fans of a certain disposition(all laugh a lot,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing) but it was ok for 9 months still normal no matter dashing(all laugh a lot) no matter what Doctor Slate was doing cause Brawn was doing the same in another way(all laugh) but yeah Brawn’s following were little kids only cause man if anyone went to him and even now to discuss serious matters it’s another universe they are introduced to like if asked about the taxes and all,ah kid those nights when you were dreaming the most sweetening dreams/suddenly your physique says um..nature calling but strangely now at full moon also beams..anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..so(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) yeah he’s never mingled with sanity(all laugh a lot),anyway,then finally these two devils made the Dashing Rock WOKEN(all laugh) and then Mallow was later laughing like nothing said Viol you’ve fallen right into the ground(all laugh a lot) and Poppy said,hum..Viol Slate..hum..now deal with this feeling youth(all un..,Brock too un..)..anyhow(all laugh..lot),then both said just listen to this(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..”
..(Brock and Stash,Cuong and Seth are there too,just after Stash’s first gym battle,both Cuong and Seth too have battled it is post match talk..)
Stash(thoughtful) : “no you must’ve heard about us Brock we never met you physically but surely there never was a problem from neither uncle nor aunty despite the rest of the city going nuts about it surely you're seeing Roxie and Nidzie and how much a name your gym has in social sectors and now the biggest so we realized atleast the proprietors unlike so many are atleast honest enough to accept the fact that pokemons should be granted the freedom they require and more than deserve same with any plane same anywhere thus the whole concept of this whole gym comes into society as you know the best(all laugh..lot,..BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock slaps..laughing..lot) which others don’t want to admit cause of this infatuation of affection strangely despite knowing they are independent atleast from where they came by means of catching(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheers for PANGORO,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..and then you’re here for 9 months and you infact encouraged the lab much so we realized that you will be the same thus came here first up and indeed I have to say it’s an honour to start from here but that feeling of mine(all laugh a lot,Brock slaps himself laughing) I want to increase only hence I would straightaway before your assessment ask you that to me I don’t know how to channelize my understandings with regards to wild pokemons or those who come from wild with regards to my own bunch cause in the end it’s my desire to have a result out of a match which you know best to be illusive cause that’s not what they want they want to have fun rather like a leg pulling or like..”
Seth(thoughtful) : “presenting a thesis on eulogy vs allusion with regards to natural spontaneity vs meteoric efficacy(all burst into laughter)”
Cuong(thoughtful) : "in terms of rational partiality not intellectual redundancy(all un..)"
Brock(smile) : “indeed my dears indeed(all laugh a lot,Brock slaps himself pulling his hairs laughing) you know about the assessment for both of you with regards to what a pokemon is(all laugh a lot) and what is one of the ways to connect to them is something that I know cause I have been with them for quite a number of years in one word I want to give you the general idea then I’ll explain more as I understand you still have a bit to say is that if you feel that this is another instantly you become the other thus that feeling is either accepted or rejected in any way there’s a reaction outside about which is what we feel we should bother but that is like general pokemon and one of the ways to connect to them as I said comparing that to this is just that it’s like you’re chewing something you want the the taste/the feeling is so soothing my dears the universal sprouts localities to define itself with each bite you know the feeling of emptiness the amount efface(all burst into laughter)/thus it’s rational for you dears if you feel something it’s cause you are separate from it hence the feeling says this one you must confess(all burst into laughter)..”
Stash(thoughtful) : “yeah absolutely(all laugh a lot)..hence in my case there’s this EGO you must’ve realized too that if it comes out I can be separated but that’s rather exhaustive to me like two feelings together in opposite direction hence a bit worrying..”
Brock(smile) : “exactly hence the focus is on the feeling rather cause if you have ego then it’s cause of contrasting yourself with others who are built as feelings aren’t they(all burst into laughter,..)..if someone insults you to say the idea of other the insult and you as a being is all feelings as the reaction is only a feeling hence intangible(all burst into laughter) same thing is for anything thus the same thing about pokemons is all that they feel so(all burst into laughter)..
I came into existence saw myself in a GYM(all laugh a lot,cheers for BOULDER,Brock slaps himself laughing)/The gross gave me the feeling that it’s steeling the mental rock to launch from a solid ground as a THEME(all burst into laughter,Brock hides his face laughing,Violet uncontrollably laughs)/Then I ventured forth in actual the pokemons said they feel it’s only cause of epistemology as a subject not the actual that deludes one in thinking of infinite the feeling of freedom is why with us they’re happy thus BEAM(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/Hence I felt that in reality what is their best food is a discussion on feelings and how to DEEM(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/then I went to Johto land for a year as a start it felt what I felt is only so SEEM(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/next at Kanto it was a longer time where I realized it’s so cause it’s me neither her nor HIM(all burst into laughter,..)/Then next I went to Kalos and Unova of all dragons affirmed it’s so cause my feelings each time to feel contiguously I want to TRIM(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/Hence when I returned to the gym again despite knowing that I still have a lot of psychophysicality left hence my soulmate too in complimentary form I decided to just let myself be as neither attached nor detached just the pure feeling that dissolves from outside but from inside it’s only indifferent the outside cause to us the feeling may be different but that doesn’t feel different to us in essence the illusion to it’s it’s just the feeling exactly what feels THE CREAM(all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,cheers for OH PEWTER NOW YOU ROCK/HAILING DASHING DOCTOR BROCK,..)..”
Stash(thoughtful) : “thus in seclusion or in congestion feels the same the word TEAM(all uncontrollably laugh)/hence in ego or in lack of it what matters is how you RIM(all uncontrollably laugh)..”
Cuong(thoughtful) : ""
Seth(thoughtful) : “in case of me Oh honoured leader(all laugh a lot,Brock pats his forehead with both his hands laughing) is the significance of chance that reel/if a thing happens or it doesn’t no matter the indifferent becomes different whenever I want it to HEAL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Brock(smile) : “yeah Seth for you I realized from your idea of your own name and how it’s meaning feels(all laugh a lot,cheers for Lastly a GHASTLY PHANTOM,all burst..,Brock slaps himself laughing..lot)..as you said I understood from your Dialga what she was doing was to build reality on duality thinking it won’t affect her but the feeling was still remnant that she was a being(all burst into laughter)..in this connection I actually recall what my Dialga was retrospecting the first match he was ready and fought hard yet lost cause he felt he was close to a result in abstraction of it’s definition(all burst into laughter)..
Dialga don’t be a gambler,just spin the WHEEL/When a feeling feels different just put up that gluing STEEL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/Outside of that what is felt if is translated as a separate block/inside whatever is felt will mix with it once the window is broken no matter from where comes THE ROCK(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK,..)..”
Seth(thoughtful) : “thus it’s more important to focus on that what’s woken/no matter the path towards it in the end it’s only the most sweetening if the bitter fruit in it’s lure of unbinding is completely SOAKEN(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Brock(smile) : “pertaining to this dears I wish to ask why doesn’t it fail..” Stash,Cuong and Seth in Unison(happy) : “cause it’s the feeling of indifference that’s in front the rest vanishes in dust that trail(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY KETCHUMS,all burst..)” ...so(all laugh a lot,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing) that was about Pewter Rock Part 1 at the start of career only Part two was at the end just after psychic marriage at Yellowburst as you know one of the the best men present to the General Military Head of Kanto Mr Juhatob(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..and we got the record 2/3 days later itself but this actually Doctor Slate only hasn’t heard yet cause the board of directors weren’t full still then but now is going to be hence a tribute from his baby bros(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)…
(The Military recording of Yellowburst after Seth and Mallow’s date and subsequent marriage with psychics)
Military Head : “yeah put it down..”
Stash(zapping in,straight) : “the traps in the way compeer none of you will return mentally mind this if you have one that is(laughs a lot)..(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Military head(frown) : “it wasn’t set up..”
Stash(laugh) : “cause other regional forces would’ve created a bit of a trouble for you from 3 sides I guess(laughs a lot)”
Military head(scowl) : “we were ordered by..”
Stash(straight) : “to be professional not personal you could’ve and should’ve been in the field if so haughty are your technologies not backstab us feigning security they aren’t all right personally cause what you’ve been suspecting for 38 years now is the first step we crossed thus only could survive 38 years later today and you deem yourself intelligent enough in your post despite all happening..show me the order..(all laugh shaking their heads,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)”
Military head(frown,after Stash sees the order) : “I believe you can understand that we’re and our bosses are intelligent enough to understand the ramifications for 38 years itself..”
Stash(frown) : “what is the probability..”
Military head(frown) : “we can’t work upon probabilities Mr Ketchum thus only has been here..” Stash(frown) : “none of your pokemons,normal devices and your satellites would’ve worked hence this is a matter of recklessness only thus what’s the assurance that..” Military head(smile) : “only you Mr Tantrum had you not come up here or anyone from your 5 person group we would’ve taken the probabilities in our hands for both Mr Cuong and Mr Seth’s safety only and also Ms Wat..” Stash(frown) : “Mrs Poppy Ketchum,Gallery of Commemorations my little sis and Mrs Mallow Ketchum,Hall of Fame Water/Ice Gym Leader my twin both now sis-in-law too OFFICIALLY(all laugh a lot)” Military head(laugh) : “indeed..for the treatment of Mrs Ketchum both of them too if any were required..as you see there in the order there’s a high chance of probability assuring us that surely at Huntelion it’s only a matter of vulture business too(laughs)..(all laugh a lot,Stash and Seth cheers for CIVILIZATION,..)” Stash(frown) : “thematically(all present there uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..(scowl)..OH JANGOMO DON’T BE A GAMBLER OH JUST UNDERSTAND IT ON THE CLASS/IF YOU FAIL TO UNDERSTAND IT THERE ASK YOURSELF YOU TEACHERS AND PEERS WHILE LOOKING TO ALL AND THE SUBJECT LIKE THE TRAILING O REFLECTING THE PRECEDING ONE IN VISEVERSA BUT LOOK NOW YOU ONLY CAN LOOK THROUGH THE MENTAL GLASS(all uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock slaps himself laughing)..WHEN YOU WORK IN THIS DIFFERENCE YOU HAVE TO ADJUST YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS NO MATTER HOW MUCH EXISTENCE IS CRASS/IN ALL DUE UNDERSTANDING OF ANOTHER HAKAMO OH PHYSICS DICTATES IS JUST THE ENERGY OF THE CONSERVATIVE MASS(all uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for Leading Crook,Brock pats his head laughing)..THUS OH HAKAMO OH WHEN YOU TRY TO BE ANYTHING ELSE YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS BASS/THAT NO MATTER HOW GOOD THE BEING IS IT’S INEXISTENT CAUSE AN ENGINE CAN’T RUN WITHOUT EMITTING THE FEELING AS THE DUAL GAS(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THAT FEELING,Brock shakes his head laughing)..THUS IT’S A MATTER OF CONFINEMENT IS WHAT HEREBY YOU IN GENERAL LASH/IN THE OTHER DIRECTION AND YOUR OWN PERFECTION IN THIS EQUILIBRIUM SYSTEM ISN’T FEASIBLE UNLESS STILL THERE’S NOTHER OUTSIDE DEFINED AS ETERNAL WITNESS TO WHICH IN VISEVERSA THIS DUALITY IS INFEASIBLE HENCE CONTRADICTION WORKS ONLY WITH A SLASH(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for HAIL NOW DOCTOR DASH,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock pulls his hairs laughing)..hence you must understand that in difference these Vultures only sing as the real flock/thus as the opposite is what’s not true due to this self contradiction the slash is is added of fighting the if normalcy is normal should I analyze it or should I ask how it’s upheld withing itself OH KOMMO OH NOW YOU MENTALLY KNOCK(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,TEARS,FITS AND CONVULSIONS OF LAUGHTER FOR A BIT LONG TIME WITH ALL REPEATING THE last line,OH KOMMO OH NOW YOU MENTALLY KNOCK,Stash cheers for THUS NOW LOOK HAS COME THE DASHING ROCK,Brock slaps himself while pulling his hairs simultaneously laughing a lot)..any ambiguous arguments(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..” ..so(all laugh a lot)..OH KOMMO OH NOW YOU MENTALLY KNOCK(all laugh laugh a lot for some more time)..man that’s the excerpt you know so suitable for that day or any day across time and space no matter pokemons or humans(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..and this is the very crux of it(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for OH JANGOMO OH DON’T BE A BEING HAKAMO OH NOW YOU THINK OF BEING ONLY MENTAL/THAT THESE TWO IDEAS AREN’T SELF SUFFICIENT YET NORMALLY BEING IN FIGHT THEY MITIGATE EACH OTHER THE MOST OH KOMMO OH NOW THIS BEING IS NO MORE RENTAL,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,.controllably laughs)..man no wonder Kommo-O rejected the Convene Skats cause it’s so true that they can’t add to who they already are in essence(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for Cili give us KOMMO-O,..)..yeah indeed his and especially his poor little sister’s survival is the biggest miracle in 2 millenias too like OH KOMMO OH NOW YOU HOLD THE MENTAL WHEEL(all burst into laughter,Brock shakes his head lAughter)..ANYWAY,unlike the former after this one considering everything precedent and subsequent I wasn’t alive for a day like what sort of brats can continue these things now for 40 damn years absolutely nonstop even though marriage one of them achieved the same(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS,..)..yeah this term will remain man till they return again may be 4 millenias later together thus the best form atleast Dr Oak is sympathetic on profession(all laugh a lot)..anyhow about the former I heard it and the reaction Lil knows best cause she was too interested in her bro in laws(all laugh)..” Lillie(laugh) : “well I heard it and it was the same that i’m now after hearing the 24 years summation of the previous that is thinking like am I alive still instantly told myself it’s just the FEEL(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for JUST ROLL THOSE DASHING REELS,..,Brock shakes his head laughing) then first I had to apprise myself that this was a first ever post battle gym talk and not an exhibition of rigorous absurdity(all laugh a lot) secondly I realized what this package will do to Viol flower but strangely Viol absolutely lays into the crook,SHUT UP!(ALL LAUGH)!huh feelings..WHEN HE FEELS HE SHOULD WRAP IT WITH ADVERBS NOT VERBS!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..when he said I feel it’s cause there’s an object that felt something to him hence he only disassociated himself from the object by means of feelings whereas if he described the feelings as this is an object he would’ve directly realized the object is totally inanimate cause it can’t feel(all burst into laughter)..so said indeed you’ve fallen into Ground(all laugh)..” Stash(laugh) : “man Pewter Rock is just that as is his Viol flower(all laugh),like I COULD FEEL IT COME IT'S IN THE EMOTIONS ALL RIGHT..THUS NOW GET IT THEN ONLY EXPRESS IT IS RIGHT..THUS VULTURED SWIPE(all un..)..and at Yellowburst they were hardly alright as well cause knew who the real complainer was and thus as we finished understood what he meant by complaints too(all laugh a lot,..,all cheers for SO NAIVE,..,Brock shakes his head laughing) that is credibility don’t ask yourself to define what’s not you thus none can complain/but as duality then isn’t feasible only your feeling thus in reality you can RECLAIM(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LEADING ROCK,..,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..so they realized that it’s just the shifting of gears nothing else thus goes the self to self tickling hence never in need of any thus only dually defined help(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)..well atleast those two particular brats weren’t PHYSICALLY there(all laugh a lot)..anyway any thoughts crook(all laugh a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “I REFUSE to work here anymore(all laugh a lot,Cuong and Seth cheers for HEY!OH KETCHUM NOW YOU PLAY!NO RENSOL DON’T SIDESTEP SAYING MAY!OH TOGETHER NOW EXPLAIN THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PROVERB AND SAYING OKAY!OH VACCINE NOW YOU SAY!NO LITE VERSIION DON’T SAY IT’S ENOUGH CAUSE IT’S NO MORE OKAY!,ALL UNCONTROLLABLY LAUGH,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” Violet(laugh) : “man after these Ruth asked me like does he talk of gross things in private(all laugh a lot),I said firstly none of the 7 including our Mallow flower understand what privacy means and the other one of the 7 is just Lillie flower(all laugh a lot) secondly none of them do talk breeching it countering(all laugh a lot)..the only reason for the guard and all was the namecalls not the content cause that they can tell anyone if they ask them just as the audiobooks say specially poor Johnny’s talks(all laugh a lot)..and Lillie flower objected not at all because of anything but her baby brat screeched to her the VERY day before after all just imagine this,MY MODALITY IS WAY MORE STRATIFIED ACROSS EXTRAPOLATION OF CASUALTY NOT INTERPOLATION OF PROCREATIVITY TAKE THAT YOU NAMECALL!(all un..,..,Seth cheers for,i’m assured of why I broke up from you if you’re unsure I can’t help it that itself was enough it’s not a legal document like a divorce,all un..,..,Seth cheers for YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,..,Mallow un..)..yeah most certainly(all laugh a lot)..but no this recording isn’t finished(all laugh a lot)..
(restarts the recording of the Military at Yellowburst with Stash,after the song) Military head(laughing a lot) : “no absolutely no ambiguities as to why you’re called what you’re called but utmost wild menaces(all a lot)..” Stash(frown) : “I don’t believe you can understand that properly given the differences you deal with thus for any and all of you personally or professionally in relations and causations if you find any difficulties communicating with different planes you must know where..(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Military head(laughing a lot) : “yeah indeed we do but the branches are preferred cause at the HQ it’s just impossible to be indifferent by anyone bro or beau(all laugh a lot)..”..so Dr Oak any constraints violated(all laugh a lot)..” Gary(laugh) : “that your hubby brat did by agreeing to travel with them on top of certifying them fit for profession leaving you for cold in both cases(all laugh a lot)..man since then and especially after Unova second whole of Unova,Kalos,Kanto,Ransei and Sinnoh militaries are our customers even(all laugh a lot)..and the rest secretly sends the brats not officially registered(all laugh a lot) but does it via Elite4 as is the rule and yeah all 3 of the heads had to biased hence they are extolled to heavens even more which they vehemently deny self countering everywhere from professional to personal(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..man this is brat mastery absolute AND I AM THE ONLY ONE UPON WHOM IT’S ALWAYS TESTED FIRST FOR 44 DAMN YEARS RUNNING(all laugh a lot,cheers for Dr Oak Dr Oak)” Seth(laugh) : “but what does this moment mean to you neutrally though(all laugh a lot)..no it was like you know we first saw Dr Oak indeed don’t know when(all laugh a lot) and there itself tried to jump him as did he cause for us and now all it’s just impossible to exist without Mr Oak that is(all laugh a lot,cheers for LET US ALL SING HIGH THAT NOTE/OH NOW MY MR OAK OH NOW WHY ISN’T IT ONLY MENTALLY CALLED THAT IS DR OAK!,Gary shakes his head laughing)..but about the inception well we understood what he meant there in our way that day but from the hour after to now and indeed into many more terms in future will keep laughing at that junction the art of planting the grass was just well rounding what’s already there this is the inception man THAT FEELING(all laugh a lot,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..anyway the recording restarts just the beginning(all laugh)..” ..(Tantrum and Terrence going to Bosangria Fire Trainers’)..
Tantrum : “anyhow TerryBilly you are going to be my roommate for an indefinite period and it will thus never be in a civilized room any objections(all laugh a lot)..”
Terry(laugh) : “just that you should give me some times to get accustomed to being put to sleep on top of trees rather falling asleep(all laugh)”
Tantrum : “well you see because we’re going on a combat sport gym protector Meganium(all laugh a lot) we should sing too I guess(all laugh)”
Terry(laugh) : “what was the song that you were humming at the gate(all laugh)...” Tantrum : “well it’s what this Meganium told me actually you see(all laugh) I ferried off Millie with Warden then went to uncle’s gym to see if I could get a ride for us and found a Meganium who was doing his presentation on subscription against compensation in case of generosity against fluidity(all burst into laughter),so I asked him if he wished to know why a frugal believes in economy(all burst into laughter),he said you know lad this is why your tiffin is taken away from you by others cause you don’t eat it together(all burst into laughter),what you want is to establish yourself against affluence of festive monotony yet estimate the local minima of moral dichotomy(all burst into laughter) hence thus you neither go off from duality nor stay here properly hence asking what to do with a piece of residual sanity(all uncontrollably laugh),whereas your question should’ve been to why a frugal fits economy cause he wants to metabolize his wavering incision of truth vs fruit(all burst into laughter) hence in this effort your morality is incapable of becoming non-dual cause it wants doesn’t it(all burst into laughter) thus if there’s a lack of duality you won’t bother about plurality thus you’re not overburdened by singularity hence not disturbed by honesty rather it’s simmering density(all burst into laughter) thus in order to make it homogeneous is my thesis on profoundity that if you make a probability more probable then it becomes provable to common understanding that indeed it’s dual thus not real thus probable hence in negation due to internal contradiction of causality against morbidity or neutrality or generosity ever reliable thanks(all burst into laughter)..hence you know when the security outside asked me who I was I thought if I say or don’t even if mentally all I’m doing is to specify a probability of knowledge against it’s failure which is defined as the negation of the earlier thus told them they can know me only when they do not due to any reason from or to rhyming with Zigzagoon or Mewtwo isn’t it(all burst into laughter)..” Terry(laugh) : “yeah thus sanity is ever marooned cause of due to(all laugh)” Tantrum : “hence with this Growlith we should sing no matter jubilation or rue(all laugh a lot)..Growlie just follow me and dissolve into thee thus understand that’s never me what you can become thus is only thee(all laugh a lot)..Migni follow him..(Growlith goes with the rhymes as if telling what his life is and Meganium follows his path of walking as they go through the road..)..
fire in my eyes/dire thus disguise(all burst into laughter)/higher is where sun will rise/mire is hight cause then it’s not surprise(all burst into laughter,..)/drier become the painful eyes/tire becomes thus never the temporal stand-byes(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/primer is thus the exercise/to rewrite the causality of hi-es and byes(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/hire thus the enterprise/liar who will say has a er associated thus never can be called ACTUALLY lies(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/acquire do they do of what’s never the skies/attire is truth thus the hight of skies can’t be comparable in market price(all burst into laughter)/desire is what’s demise/as required only then is another cause who else will ADVICE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/choir thus does dual guise/hence retire another taking the advice(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..
says HOOPA HOO HOO PA HOO PA HOO/DESCRIBE AND DISAMBIGUATE EXSITENCE FROM WHAT’S NOT HOW WHO BUT YAHOO(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,..)..”
Terry(smiles) : “satire is to self surmise/wear and tear never there if it never ties(all burst into laughter)/transpire is what never misses the cognitive eyes/thus


advertises are only for a being who never buys(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Tantrum : “Daru Ma Ma MaKa Ka Ka(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,..)/to find water traverse the opposite direction says caldera(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/thus as there’s no freedom from what’s me or mine/stay in the middle circles have a point not on one line(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY,..)..” Terry(smile) : “Thus evolution is only non-psychophysical if it’s the most prime/only a staircase touches all the floors by design(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for PLAYBOY,..)” Tantrum : “la la la la thus chime chime/whenever there’s duality ask whose mentally a Mantine(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for MS VOLBEAT,..)” Terry(smile) : “or anything that’s never me thus ever mine/hence it coils back to me only this detour only says it’s thus a wastage of time(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS,..)/hence there’s no freedom in me or mine/hence to revolve there is futile cause multiplying one with one is one cause there’s no other way to make one to self define(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum : “Hoopa Pa Pa Hoopa Hoo Pa/is thus never what’s that thus or what’s Darumaka(all burst into laughter,..)/existence though will not confirm cause this psychophysics is not compromised/thus anything will be specific cause generality belies(all burst into laughter,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)” ..(later,Terrence and Tantrum at Fire Trainers)..
Tantrum : “yeah you have a go at psychic channels dear don’t worry about anything else(all laugh a lot)..”
..(At Fire Type Pokemon Facility)..
A Trainer : “hey who are you don’t..”
Tantrum : “A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P/Why cosmetics are ever used only if there’s normalcy(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/Q R S T U V W X Z Y AGAIN WHY A B C(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/the answer to both questions is why me isn’t defined unless first is be(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anything else about the behaviour of this Growlith..no..thanks(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)”
..(after Terry’s experiences with Fire Type Pokemons)..
Tantrum(comforting Terry) : “it’s ok you did well dear(all laugh a lot) don’t worry the excitement transform into solace when it’s 24/7(all laugh a lot)..takes time..”
Quite a few people come with 11 city prosecutor : “exactly see how he tortures people hands-on(all laugh a lot)..”
11 city Head : “once more then Mr Tantrum FUTURE hall of famer..” Tantrum : “Mr Otto Nuresberg,7,7 the current one alias a pro of a gamer(all burst into laughter)” Otto(scowl) : “i guess you know as much as to why your bene.."
Tantrum : "ficiary..beneficiary of his own skills Mr Lance Lansbrug no it wasn't upto you but those whom you have regards for just cause they made it big time truly they're afraid Mr Otto afraid of 'understanding : the monotony of resolution'(all un..)"
Otto(frown) : "have you learnt how to battle(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “only learnt that it’s called strategies the more SUBTLE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” 
Otto(release Giratina) : “this is a Giratina you see(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “Be Be Be Be Me Me To See Thee Thee Be Be Me Me See See/Confuse Diffuse Excuse Obtuse Cause it’s neither me or thee/Gira Tina Tina Gira Tina Tina Gira Ti/Thus please tell us whose a Nosepass cause if you don’t know them how you are different to be called me not thee(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” (Giratina behaves erratically..)
Otto(scowl) : “I see previously it took words now has been advanced to rhymes(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT,..)”
Tantrum : “cause words are fickle Mr Otto you know best when the mind wants to be thee it compares that to what’s mine countering(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..it’s a Game Mr Otto/please do take a photo/of this as a motto/that’s this is Kanto cause it’s beside Johto(all burst into laughter)..”
Otto(frown) : “I’ll see how you get into profession without even a primary school semester what to speak of anything else especially given now you're influencing people(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “it’s a long way Mr Nuresberg since the times you were defeated by Mr Lansburg emotionally not mentally your son surely will agree no matter his profession INTELLECTUALLY(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheers for MEAT,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM) at your home region(all laugh a lot) that's Kanto of all places(all laugh a lot)..the best of the region were there that day Mr Otto and it is a classic of all times the two best gems of this profession there to BATTLE BATTLE BATTLE(all laugh..lot),countering isn't it the idea of settle(all un..) else you’ve been on top always since the recent times with Mr Dennis Flemming and the rest coming in the ranks hence you’re bit bemused all this age Mr Nuresberg this attraction towards perfection is skewed due to EMOTIONAL limitations(all laugh a lot) cause you’re not getting enough fuel for your assessment of the current situation Mr Otto don’t worry about that ones the duality automatically goes for a moment you’re always happy or sad that itself needs VALIDATION(all laugh a lot) hence your Giratina if I want to play will play cause you’ve tamed her so well thus she will be able to quell no matter if it’s shallow or deep a well she knows water is what makes the digger’s mind swell if there’s need of water there’ll always be some fuel if it’s not there the psychophysicality will fall against desire lost in the illusive duel but being along it can’t stay as cruel thus will resurrect psychophysicality once more cunning indeed are we to observe a Giratina from neutral who observes the described procedure detached from the tenants marital skirmishes being the owner of the home where they never dwell(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anything else..(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING,..)..”
Otto(frown) : “keep these theories off from school students to enhance their chances at anywhere dual or non-dual of being well(all laugh a lot)”
Tantrum : “it looks shiny so nice for others strangely yet there’s no essence of anything that’s perceived by the costly gel/alone in all neglect being defined as inanimate Mr Otto you know best hence only due to the compassion unbound of the being it gets attached to something password is you not me of that secret box containing the ephemeral mail(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/that’s it’s only you thus i’m no more thus I find myself again being nothing Oh this hell/and I can’t myself live ALONE due to the implausibility of it’s definition looking at the matrix of existence giving permission to interact in-between the conscious cells/thus in reality it’s not needed cause it elaborates you the same two tells/of desire and it’s demise just to ring that elusive bell/that beyond all exists logic indeed thus reemerge everything else hail oh hail/but having gone through this whole of enjoyment for nothing the subsequent actions Mr Otto never glide nor sail(all laugh a lot)..exactly why there’s no way to pinpoint whose the 9 or what he tells(all burst into laughter,cheers for master brat)”
Otto(frown) : “it’s ok he won’t do anything too excited just allow him to zap you haphazardly to rearrange your positions for his battle against himself of best optimization of maximized recombinations it’s ok(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR,..)..and yeah I get it what happens when you fail(all laugh a lot)..that you’re stuck at a most excruciatingly painful point of existence the more wonderful it becomes the more misery psychophysioemotional fills your conscious pail..thus sanity indeed has to FAIL(all laugh a lot)..no gentlemen he can’t battle at all yet cause yet to have own brats but as pokemons can’t battle humans if they don’t want to retaliate them or their masters this brat retaliates himself countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)..thus the fear of him turning up against anyone with pokemons are only hoax but the problem is he can turn up like any performer does and leave an indelible mark of insanity upon his spectators cause no matter what you can’t understand what he wants and his gang of pokemons will demonstrate the same in a way that will make you like as they want to say WOKEN(all laugh a lot,..)/hence your understanding of pokemons unless you know them very well in direct psychic channels will forever be BROKEN(all laugh a lot)/thus from your profession you have to take the rusticated token/yet this thrust of joy will force you to eventually understand pokemons better as yourselves thus he kills you psychophysically till what’s beyond it gets you SOAKEN(all laugh a lot,cheers for DARK NIGHT,..)..and that’s exactly why I’ve got nothing to do with him again no matter what you say and neither should you no matter what I say(all laugh a lot,cheers for PALKIAFREE,..) cause then your personal life and my concern is my son’s(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheer for MEATY,all uncontrollably laugh,..) exactly like him is in the middle neither can you stay back or go forth hence professionally broken..thanks(all laugh a lot)..” ..man Meat and InLeah(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary laugh a lot)”..those two are something you know at UNOVA!CILIVA!(all laugh)..anyway,no it’s impossible to restrain just hearing these names you know THAT FEELING(all laugh a lot,cheers for Leading Rock,Brock shakes his head laughing)..so we go again(all laugh)?
(later,same place)..
Terry(smile) : “bro how did you(all laugh)..”
Tantrum : “I haven’t Terry Mr Nuresberg has they aren’t wild or more interstingly my own hence PEWTER CHEER B-ROCK/OH GROUND ESTABLISH THE STEEL OF ROCK(all laugh a lot,cheers for DASHING DOCTOR BROCK,Brock pats his forehead laughing)..till he gets in and accepts the first gym match it’s impossible he will qualify most certainly you know the feeling is that(all laugh) Mr Otto you know is 55 now personally in professional familiarity since he was 43 very sweet his son Kermit now at Hazelex at the age of 13(all laugh a lot)..ever in contact for 4 years now since last even his fiancee same age same semester the logistics of marriage already done took 9 years from 3 deepening(all laugh a lot)..that feeling of duality so ballistic Terry like you and Millie is uncertain itself thus allow it to ask itself of it HOW..SO NICE(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..”
Terry(smile) : “in a way this all is to maximize everything isn’t it bro no matter the texture of duality and illusion of morality”
Tantrum : “that’s for others to judge Terry never a trouble for us or them look at all these pokemons here think of their power and all along with the humans and behold the MASTER this cunning CROW(all burst into laughter)..(patting a crow who sat upon Tantrum’s arm)..they are in much inferior state of psychological channels thus we were introduced to the latest they don’t know what is what Terry reverse it and compare him in the context of this whole place and situation they never ask about causality like jackals hence is ever free thus gets what is essential only in duality to be that itself impossible due to implausibility discerned due to same thus hence without any dual help to be nothing but a most cunning pro(all burst into laughter,cheers for DR JACKAL,..)..Mr Otto though still believes his brats are like a well made arrow perfect for his own imagination of a bow,creatures(all laugh a lot)..still atleast has been established well in existence though thus the ideas on how to surpass it is so so far beyond my reach for me it’s only DESTINY not ASSURANCE still that FEATURES(all laugh a lot)..yeah right too much ego too much s.. ever o.. even in l.. indeed(all laugh shaking their heads)..look just as my mind did fickle went away that elusive crow(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..unlike Vultures Terry duality they never say being separate let’s now go(all laugh a lot)..hence this ideology of another Terry is ever a fight never winnable by fighting as relative,beau or bro(all burst into laughter) that crow Terry look at him ever exclusive never exhaustive yet unrecognizable as anything only a fascination of the dual for real which won’t be there unless like him you can convert to not to fro(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for MASTER BRAT,..)..when I was a toddler Terry one day I saw my mom feeding a few birds I could just about talk I did something mom came to me quickly must’ve done something physically(all laugh a lot) thus the birds’ food got disrupted they started chirping you know I don’t know if it was elation or desperation Terry but I remember as mom came to me I was happy but as soon as she tried to comfort me those birds said compare this with normal distribution lad statistics deems this as a construable rate of differing frequencies to emotion this means the subtraction of the fraction of contemplation of the perception(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus it loses it’s axis of formation exactly which being also necessary for the self validation of perception itself starts the dual ACTION(all burst into laughter)..thus it’s a travesty lad for you to accelerate ego in the name of consciousness’ probation cause as a whole consciousness can be defined only if existence is in mental simulation(all burst into laughter) which once more being defined as action that’s reflective duality in total refraction hence entails existence only as the arrival of intelligence that’s discriminative power of consciousness in detraction(all burst into laughter) thus to think that you’re a being is only your mental retardation countering(all burst into laughter) anything else(all burst into laughter) now as they were explaining it I only understood the reflective part cause I knew what mirrors were(all laugh a lot) so just as I thought anything else itself reflects only the expectation of subjugation of mental action to dual collaboration in self reflection(all burst into laughter) they said this is why you’re not able to discern a finger only the meaning of it facing your mental concern(all burst into laughter) that indeed you’re you thus what’s not that or what it is indeed being only self deliberation of the not-self cooks for you this whole grandeur
of self to self communication thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURES)..” Terry(laughing a lot) : “thus it’s indeed brutal this sanity unless it’s only the reflection of the ability of self consumption of self digestion(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “AUSPICIOUS!(all burst into laughter)..thus indeed this whole perception is only the bounce of the stone of happiness on the water of mind held beneath by action existent through consciousness as another to cater reality in dual for it’s self validation(all laugh a lot)..hence this sanity is indeed just a mirage of that feather falling off a sick vulture consciously prepared to serve the other’s including the self thus from existential DEGENRATION(all burst into laughter,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,..)” Terry(laughing a lot) : “man no wonder you don’t have any kind of a semester(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “effectively(all burst into laughter)..anyway,i’ll take you to the () dump-yard at Zipgarnet a day the best of vultures of all the other 6 cities the whole northern flock of whom halts at Pallet to contemplate before and after being there for university(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Terry(bit concerned) : “um..just a thing bro given everything at the lab and your career here and then your whole time at Zipgarnet before this did you before volunteer before going to Yellowburst even i mean..(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “ofcourse that’s plausible isn’t it(all laugh)..you see all of us have been big fans of ornithology only one was most suited as a reference(all laugh a lot)..as for careers no you know when you remember so many things from future your present becomes past just to affirm you that your being is a mere suture countering though with respect to duality of past from future(all un..)” Terry(laugh) : “man it’s a miracle how you’re living still that too at 96 and 312 and 234 exactly no matter Lana aunty said(all laugh a lot)..no wonder Hakamo-O is too thoughtful God bless Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh,cheers for COMPENDIUM,..)..and no I understand this simile too about the accident and the accidents and the various diseases and all that no matter the step grandpa said we took came as deficient cause of the flawed self contradictory definition of idea of phenomenal expectation(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for contingent tickling,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..but yeah still at certain states of psychophysicality it will be harder but I will need to go through the glass ceiling really so yeah thanks bro..” Tantrum : “to never fro(all laugh a lot)..else the idea will become sufficient thus inefficiency a necessity for you contradictory to the non central announcer catering a sitting distributed in multiple rows(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..exactly as he only told Giratina to scare me the amount of which he thought he he had to define but also judge by himself strangely(all uncontrollably laugh,..)thus if Giratina was allowed to judge it in reverse he would’ve had to budge due to his definition of another being saturated from contiguously to phenomenally thus countering himself as a being MENTALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..) wouldn’t he Terry wouldn’t he rhyming with Butterfree(all burst into laughter,..)” Terry(laugh) : “man it will be something if this is done in battles as the opponents are forced to confess their longing for the ethereal exactly as a reaction of duality the vultures will thus simultaneously appear countering the never ending counter(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for TYRAniTAR,..)” ..(before that Giselle goes to the lab with Dr Myla Micot) Giselle(bit excited) : “um..aunty how long you’ve been working at Oak Lab(all laugh)..” Myla(smile) : “18 years and counting and it has been and too eventful the whole time(all laugh)” Giselle(smile) : “well indeed I guess I’ve been associated with them for just 2 and half months or so and it’s like incessant the mental appeal(all laugh,Cuong,Poppy,Stash,Seth,Mallow and Gary cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST FCOUS ON THE LID/WHATEVER YOU WANT TO FIND INSIDE WILL EVENTUALLY BE EITHER THERE OR WON’T THUS IT’S NO MORE IMPORTANT TO SEARCH THAN THE LABEL LEADING THE LID,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” Brock(laughing) : “so finally the baby Corsola is steady enough too I guess(all laugh a lot)” Mallow(laughing a lot) : “Mallow your nickname is covered in the mist/Which is what covers cognition cause it’s uncovered itself thus in reality how it can persist as THE GIST(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)..TAKE THAT YOU CROOK(all laugh a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “I refuse to participate further(all laugh a lot)..” All in Unison(laugh) : “THAT FEELING(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” Stash(laugh) : “man Pewter Rock is just Pewter Rock nothing else what was the review Viol of Cerulean on your specific hubby(all laugh)..” Violet(laugh) : “On the mind any song indeed did SCRIBE/hence it was eventual that through the pressure of psychology this long in personal life she will become SO NAIVE(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock hides his face laughing)..” Mallow(laughing a lot) : “no Dashing Crook has been completely slated today(all laugh)..” Seth(laugh) : “well that’s not all cause you know that day at the logical zenith(all laugh a lot,Brock laughs a lot) I heard a very to be honest wired term actually well this is unveiled later cause yeah I heard Daisy and she hardly shows any emotion about her specific hubby(all laugh) Lillie and Mallow are similar in a way but Mallow is too emotional about it most times Violet is exactly as Daisy is a bit more desperate may be(all laugh) but that day ok she was emotional that i’ve seen before but that day I heard a very strange term you know I just recalled I talked trash about the ominous nature that was about to unfold just as I called Brock and then after he replies I said it will be a long call and should be frank unless your Viol flower is around(all laugh) so just as it should be Viol flower interjects herself in it and then I heard this term you know that is just listen to it assimilate it that it is- my Brock(all laugh a lot,Violet bursts into laughter,Brock hides his face laughing)..I almost reacted to it then recalled that this is supposed to be serious(all laugh a lot)..so you know it’s strange cause Violet used similar terms in songs and all and it’s ok we hear it but this phrase Gary again just listen to it like my sweet Brock..like dashin' leadin' ROCK(all laugh a lot,Violet laughs a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing) what is the generality associated(all laugh a lot)..” Gary(laughing a lot) : “DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST SPIN THE WHEEL/WHEN YOU THINK YOU’RE SPINNING DOESN’T YOUR MIND SAYING THINK HOW THE WHEEL WOULD FEEL(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Brock(laugh) : “I’ll see how any of your bunches survive Platue tomorrow(all laugh)..” Stash(laugh) : “that feeling(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..man there’s no way we would’ve had this career had it not been for Doctor Slate(all laugh a lot,Cuong..,Diancie now you play this urge to be what is you/really you want that to be forth how can you know ask it to be who,all un..,Poppy and Mallow..cheers for PEWTER LEAD THE ROCK/TRAINING THE FEELING TO BE B-SIDE THE ROCK,all un..,..Dashing Leading Rock,Brock shakes his head laughing)..man those three reports and also DaisyDaisyls's report will not be happening as well in many millenias no matter us cause it was about them absolutely(all laugh..lot)..still atleast Daisy didn't write poems there like LEADING LEADING ROCK(all laugh..lot,Brock shakes..)..anyway this part is just amusing(all laugh)..
..(Giselle and Dr Myla Micot going to Lab)..
Myla(laugh) : “well that’s the only thing why they’ve been allowed to stay in society(all laugh a lot)”
Giselle(a bit nervous) : “um..but do they like with their parents(all laugh a lot)..” Myla(laugh) : “absolutely(all laugh a lot)..no Giselle you’ll know once you’re there Seth and Stash never saw their dad,Gary saw his mom alive no more than a couple of hours atmost she didn’t see him by her physical eyes that I know and his dad didn’t for more than 3 and half years but(laugh) no don’t worry they would’ve been far worse with them cause Miroslav Ketchum was a part time fire specialist and Dion and Mandy Oak were researchers(all laugh)..” Giselle(smile) : “well they would’ve been happy and is surely happy except the language though(both laugh)..(all laugh a lot,Seth,Gary and Stash cheers for SAY MENTAL MENTALLY THOUGH,..)..” Myla(laugh) : “well Leah your aunty ever says I don’t know whether to be happy or sad or neutral(all laugh a lot) which(laugh) they’ve told her to be the vanishing factor phenomena of space(Giselle bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..and each of the twins treat her like their daughter(all laugh)” Giselle(laugh) : “well this one bro told me and also why they are always twins not triples(all laugh..lot) but why all 4 are so merciless upon their own names(all laugh a lot)..” Myla(laugh) : “that’s cause it’s improfessional to call a generalized being as a specific person cause from there only professionalization of specificity is possible yet they are personally disturbed to deepen the issue of generality never thick enough unless encapsulated by specificity and they will always end it with a thanks(Giselle bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)” Giselle(laugh) : “hence I was told to call them by their surnames or their pseudonyms except bro that is so cause Randy is the short form and bro itself in hindsight is just the word Random(all burst into laughter,cheers for A RANDROM TRYRANTUM,..)” Myla(laughing) : “well Tryrantums surely are too many at the lab(all laugh a lot)..but the rest are still approachable no matter Guzzle Humdrum was out of this world even by Randy Tantrum's standards(both laugh..lot)..(all laugh..lot)..”
Giselle(laughing..) : "well i'm so happy for that one(all laugh..lot)..Wolfgang grandpa said the two of the community children went there Daxton and Hertha they have been relatively deprived of humanity anyway(all laugh..lot).."
Myla(laughing..) : "well that was scrapped off from everyone the moment Dr Oak stepped into sanity(all laugh..lot),i still remembered made Professor Oak assemble all,right who are professionally single i would wish be personally specified among the generality of locals,emotionally i meant thanks(both un..)..(all un..)..and thier biggest grudge is that all the single persons there aren't of their gender afterall hence they can't fully unbind(all laugh..lot)..and there is another class upon whom they can unbind even more cause in the end their view is holistic unless outwardly forwarded so there is a class of people who are oriented perfectly that isn't found in general very very rare so they are the real fodders to them cause that is the other way of duality so that they can let it lose on them(all laugh..lot,Cuong,Seth,Gary and Stash..MR MARGINES BLYTHED,all un..)..but i don't know may be they are close to finding with so many people coming in(all laugh..lot,Seth,Stash,Cuong and Gary..MR FACETIME NIGHT,all un..)"
Giselle(smile) : “um..yeah surely the whole lab then Pewter Gym too we all know proveds much care(all laugh..lot,..BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes..) well aunty I’m curious I heard a few of your lectures but they were too advanced level hence didn’t understand most of it but your field work is on Kalos and Unova I remember(Myla laughs)..(all laugh)..(Giselle a bit ashamed)..so um..I mean you are seeing them from their very birth..(all laugh)..” Myla(laugh) : “yeah they’ve unlocked some horrendous path indeed in rhymes(laughs,Giselle laughs too)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)..it’s actually so cause they were shown how it can be done Hands-On absolutely(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(a bit excited) : “um why don’t you tell me a bit about them aunty I don’t know almost anything about them except what is written no matter the number of years(all laugh..lot) infact it's just infinite as it seems how they can repeat same things each time they will be more absurd as if a revenge on the previous countering(all laugh..lot)..about us they just told us their mental process which ever changes as do the vultures(all laugh a lot)..” Myla(laugh) : “absolutely that indeed(all laugh) and well hence only they’ve told me to take a carriage not Skarmory(all laugh a lot) and no all these extra bags you’ve taken with you will be going to distribution office along with that sum anyway(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(smile) : “um..no it’s ok I know and now actually understand the reason too of the meager situation(all laugh)..” Myla(laugh) : “well it’s not that dear as they must’ve told you your extra things will be distributed if you wish to donate them that but you will live there on normal dress hence one set extra only they you can understand can generate money if they so want but they refuse to take any payments or anything for services and now our clients are mostly very very high class trainers no matter their numbers they can pay and do but if they come to know it and they always do this surveillance that it should be for other people like your dresses one you can keep rest has to be given away yet you won’t need anything else except as they say your toothbrush to live there like so many do(all laugh a lot)..and the rest that you take as they say intellectual stuffs that’s just your whole system image and nothing else nothing gross that is(all laugh) and no they will be most minutely checked by 10 very certain pests supervised by another(all laugh a lot) the last of whom you will meet the last cause he can’t be described at all unless mentally(both burst..)..(all laugh a lot) and coincidentally is from Yellowburst so obviously knew things daily(both bursts into laughter)..(all laugh a lot,Cedar..change the form name change the form,all un..,Violet..CRITIQUE OF SANITY,all un..)..that will be to there to summarize it this last pest is the head has given up his studies after getting high school degree at 13 and forced his parents to either legally forsake him or not illegally obtrude him mind the word mentally(both burst into laughter)..his parents were inconsolable thus was fed to Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh a lot)..so is somehow alive still mentally that is(all laugh)..he only knows that whatever his bros say are absolutely infallible even if it is not so cause psychology is described as only the ground not how to sow(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..thus you know has lost it with certain types(all laugh a lot,Genkai,Gary,Cuong and Seth cheers for Sandie’s in Trouble,all laugh a lot)..so all your psychology will be completely scanned to dissect it since and to eternity then only you’ll be confirmed so as to being able to enter the profession in a certain way(all laugh a lot)..and don’t bother his team can like get it in a month no matter the volume cause his life is like that hasn’t left the lab since high school should’ve started(all laugh a lot)..he is their personal secretary actually(all laugh a lot) and no he has his assistants too to confirm but atleast they go to school no matter their results(all laugh a lot)..but yeah among the assistants two have been married for more than 5 years now and they’re 16(all laugh a lot) another couple is for 13 and they're just a semester older(Giselle bursts..)..(all laugh..)..these two couples prove why neither he nor she is sustainable without the other that is the whole of duality(all laugh a lot)..the other one is the mixture of Gary and Margin that’s Ingemar hence is an unique sample across eternity(all laugh) she proves why any personal feeling is professionally redundant cause they have to be specifically pre-defined generally though universal logic of localization in the global(all burst into laughter,cheers for THAT FEELING,..) and no the rest of the work that’s managing so many of the Pokemon and everything else like if you go there and stay or so many youngsters like you do that they introduce them to the as we call it the Factory of Strawberry Facepalm mentally that is(all laugh a lot,..)..then there is another pest who is the son of our current 7 city admin head then was of Frucifern only as you know(all laugh..)..this brat's whole life is centered upon expectation of executional details from the operand never operands as that itself is included in the question(both un..)..(all un..)..then the other pest there is Gladly Syndrome(both burst..)..(all burst..)..surely you must've heard about her is going to complete her research studies next sem she is Gladys Ingemar's little sis 4 years younger they have shackled her up in the lab since she left high school and they treat her like their new born daughter yet gives all the indulgences mentally not in terms of experiences and all that they took up they are ferocious if anyone tells her to do anything actually she they say should be let to roam free and that's all because she's looked after personally by Jubilee Hands-On as own great grand-daughter hence duality is prohibited if directed from outside(all laugh..lot)..then the next brat is just the better part of THE FEATHERED ONES(both burst..)..(all burst..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..SLALOM SLALOM JARGON/AS COLUMN COLUMN SELDOM,all un..,..THE FEATHERED ONES..,Genkai and Blossom un..)..and yeah all these different sections of work and all is looked after by an especial pest too who used to go to his high school one day per month straight into the teacher’s offices to collect the materials where(laugh) he asked if any(both uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for choiced brats,..)..cause(laugh) the teachers violate the rights of students to optimize knowledge to the best emotionally(both uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for SLUIS)..and he asked for the materials cause none who stayed there went to school or university even at all a few of them are very gentle persons but they will be kicked out of the place if they go to industry or academia(all laugh a lot) and the reason for all this is summed by this communicator pest(all laugh a lot) as the academia or industry specify the workers there while telling showing them the route to glamorous generality(all burst into laughter)..thus it prevents their reflectivity mentally that is(all laugh a lot)..so yeah he is their chief organizer as they say mentally always(all laugh a lot)..he just co-ordinates everything and reports it to his bros and all he’s a version a tad bit calmer than the secretary pest(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..it’s all cause they are so intuitively sound it’s rather redundant for them more or less and we have to teach them to keep Gary away that is(all laugh a lot,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,Gary shakes his head laughing)..and their revolution against established system is only because despite proving time and time again that they are sound enough to deal with any sort of pokemons already in psychic channels since the age of 3(all laugh..lot) they have been insinuated that they will be debarred from entering profession hence they are hellbent to upend the profession itself(all laugh) and no Mr Dennis is their staunch supporter he is who he is but also said unless I budge Kanto leagues may become rather a conference soon(all laugh a lot)..and Mr Otto you know great traditionalist so he has been at loggerheads with them for a very long to counter which they have spoiled his son and now his girlfriend too and both are 14(all laugh a lot)..that is another part actually you know best they said(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(laugh) : “oh yeah most certainly they’re ferocious to remove personal life hence this method of making it minutely logical(all laugh a lot,Genkai,Cuong and Gary cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)..and no the ideas they fed me it's going to be impossible unless like i find my soulmate objectively or abstractly it's impossible to be dual there though not in personal life they don't consider that personal only specific(all laugh..lot)” Myla(laugh) : “well once you step in there you will see how many rules are in place to ensure the gross too that are non negotiable too for anyone that isn’t single which includes poor Leah herself especially(all laugh a lot)..they are terrible upon the bereaved cause it’s abstract for them while eulogize singles to heavens as i said before to feed them the poison of respect(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,..Poisoned Grass)..so it’s always about countering anything that’s dual represented by vultures(all laugh)..and one of the rules they categorically told me to tell you is that you never draw back as(laugh)..then you will understand in toilet how you should behave mentally that is(all un..)..so yeah it’s just the preview dear cause it’s a circus like Huntelion exactly(all laugh a lot)..no you know i’ve been there as you know and this place is exactly it’s reflection upon logic hence this condition(all laugh a lot,Seth and Stash cheer for REFLECTION MASTERY) and the in-charge of the lab as the name suggests is Dr Gary Oak(all laugh) refuses anything monetary cause he says it’s economically not well defined(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..but ever bargains each unit if it’s Elite4 cause they have volunteered in this process thus unless he pinpoints this they will be harmed professionally thus due to unfulfillment in the process of morality dejected personally thus has countered them from every angle(all laugh a lot)..and none asks how are they themselves authenticated cause you know whom they live with mentally(All laugh a lot)..it’s just simple living with best quality that’s necessary for those who need no matter the dimensions too(all laugh)” Giselle(smile) : “um..yeah I understand with them what will come but it’s just that language that makes them so horrendously attractive exactly as the name Lastly a Ghastly Phantom..(both burst into laughter)..(all laugh a lot)” Myla(laugh) : “yeah they if goes at this rate will force the whole world into the lab you know(all laugh)..” Giselle(laugh) : “but yeah aunty you said like my existence will be evaluated by all of them but whose the 11th person as you said as i understand that Mr Peniel,Mr Luis,ofcourse Gladys and Blossom(all laugh..lot) and yeah Clyde and Scarlett they are in textbooks actually(all burst..) they will be there as wold be Mr Dishal but the other 3 i don't know in person but certainly in profession as the factory rules said like(laughing..)..hallow Mr Ga..hush Mr Ms or Mrs have your attention just broke(both un..)..(all burst..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..that now you thought that you are thus you should also inflect to only relative constance not it's pointer thus Dr Oak,all un..,Gary un..)..so yeah like whose the head to whom i'll have to prove that i am like not only ready(all un..,Poppy and Mallow..STEADY OAK!OH MY READY OAK!,all un..,Gary shakes..).."
Myla(laughing) : "well any department is chaired by that very devil himself you will know too much of him(all laugh..lot).."
Giselle(laughing..) : "oh yeah made the mistake of saying hi to restart this term as well(both burst..)..(all burst..)..but..um..about that we all know your papers on how you all have shown that 9 cities isn’t at all an unique place that many pokemons even dragons can live happily given proper captivity and infact they have ensured the wild pokemons gets their services too on proper society..(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for Jubilee Hands-On,..)..and hence as they say all will be more geared up in hindsight the more exciting a play of this illusive sanity..(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..” Myla(laughing) : “well in Stashey’s language it’s important to have more in-depth experience of the illusion for it to disperse being bereft of essence for(laugh) only those who doesn’t need to(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for PALKIAN LIFE,..) so they actually categorize anything as dual except for those who are in forth whom they avoid strangely only Zed is the reverse cause of obvious propensities so it’s just their own interpretation of things(all laugh a lot) and they have respect for only them infact it’s just that they don’t consider them separate from the reality as it’s said they ardently have assimilated that the rest are you know indifferent hence this behaviour along with vultures(all laugh) hence for the requirement to be in merciless self inflicted pain so that one is forced out in duality due to understanding the self contradictions more hands-on that’s in their words freedom from sanity(all laugh a lot) is that scheme for as it produces vultures innumerable of topmost mental quality..(both burst into laughter)..(all uncontrollably laugh,Violet cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,..)” Giselle(laugh) : “well I wish I met them before and all of us are only 16(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..anyway aunty I want to know a bit about your experiences too beside them have read so much about you..” Myla(laugh) : “well it’s mostly normal unlike them(both laugh)..(all laugh a lot)..yeah I mean I have traveled Kalos and Unova and all worked at Corats lab at Pasio and all so saw a few funny yet great people and like choiced brats in wild(all laugh) but the last 12 years has been just unthinkable if not whole 15(both laugh..lot)..(all laugh..lot) and i’ve spent a significant time at Vestasibar Valley itself(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(smile) : “um..but given what they told me I guess it’s just their effort at that level which has kept the place from not falling apart really(all laugh) so um..it must be extremely hard to handle pokemons who in reverse has been granted to this sort of freedom(all laugh)..” Myla(smile) : “well it’s all about them really and their followers are themselves something else by every means and they are there only cause of this incessant attractive power they have you know otherwise each are more than too much of enigmas themselves it’s just that except for these three specially the language wouldn’t have been there which would’ve impeded their mental schemes against themselves as they’ve been told to express the fight for reality never a fight ever the kite(all laugh a lot)..this language is something that I know you know they only required words you can’t come up with this in a planned way after coming here(all laugh a lot) and they say language is the air of life of duality(all laugh a lot) thus they most gleefully as they say vulturize it to get everything as they say to be the most ensuing(all laugh a lot) and it’s not the language you know anyone can do or be anything but they aren’t due to duality exactly why they are who they are which they revolt against only cause they know it(all burst into laughter)..and this they call the Palkian Chain(all laugh a lot)..” Giselle(laugh) : “yeah I understand why pokemons behave that way if around them like the most enjoying(all laugh a lot)..but um..Palkian Chain I didn’t get it aunty Palkias do show a unique nature of heuristic learning but that seems to contradict the chain(all laugh a lot)” Myla(smile) : “yeah but in higher planes they can get too self assuming to subvert their own masters even hence taking that as support they say unless one is a being no knowledge is feasible cause it requires two things thus they vehemently criticize learning anything before or after they learn that they don’t have to(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..it’s just that they await the vultures as soon as they leave hence the span or moment when the duality ceases is deemed the resting place of duality that is that it’s in the form of potential to again come up with new systems thus before or after that they await this moment thus you realize waiting means it’s never existent thus in reality they inflict tremendous mental pain upon themselves cause they’ve got nothing else to do..(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) and this also is included in Palkian chain that is don’t do before or after you know action isn’t plausible(both burst into laughter)..(all laugh a lot)..and actually another variant is you can know them only before or after you know you can’t(both uncontrollably laugh)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PALKIAFREE)..” Giselle(laughing a lot) : “thus I guess is their process of not being before or after they know they already are(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..anyway aunty I heard that the staffs and all there they are very unique too but I don’t know them either only know your name and Professor and Doctor Oak’s” Myla(laugh) : “well it’s the ploy of those brats as well Giselle as I said they exhort those who are single there's only four and even among them i’m the spokesperson no matter the field(laughs,Giselle smiles)..(all laugh)..and no there haven’t been anything research or anything except handling these brats that has just produced stuffs in by product and that’s all about what these 4 do especially the younger 3 we only support them that’s all..yes we can’t afford paying anyone cause there’s not enough money as you know cause they pour so much in so many sectors of profession and all across regions via their channels that is just Mr Jerry and mostly Mr Brawn Glenol(all laugh a lot) Boulder has been what it stands for really in metaphor(all laugh..lot,..LEADING LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes..) and these all with little earning is a factor though our customers mostly are big time trainers but thus only very small numbers and no they do coerce 11 city authority to give them servicing contracts if we need money hence Mr Otto is always miffed with us which serves their purpose always(all laugh a lot)..it’s just none can control their brats unless they show them ways which are most horrible hence general stage trainers are against them wholeheartedly and it’s cause they don’t have own pokemons in training thus only..and no we have the other securities if need be it’s just that they refuse liquid cash always(all laugh a lot)..everything about finances is looked after by Doctor Oak who is a relations doctor but they had stripped her license deliberately when Jingie came in(all laugh..lot) now anyway retired and the other personal needs are looked after Pia she is a system data engineer of extremely high class but to our greatest misfortune is suffering from () disease for 6 years now so very little movement and all so she does all these and no her son is one of the siblings as well 2.5 years younger he has been abducted from sanity as came in his mom’s mind not even womb(all laugh a lot) and no Pia’s expenses and all are looked after by these 4 it’s always first class and all but Raul her other half he too is most times is relieved of his duties much to his irritation and all by these 3 cause they are specific about professionalizing of personalities as they say(all laugh a lot) and no it’s just the love they have hence only they and all the other children are there too the few that’s been left there does it for their love for pokemons and the rest of us..us cause for me well I just have a home that’s all(laughs,Giselle smiles)..anyway about us the researchers well there’s only 5 of us now Merv,me,Raik,Herbert and Rudolph..that are senior researchers we have a few juniors and all they are only waiting to end their 3 years here like any other sections breeding and all(all laugh a lot)..Professor Oak have retired more than 3 years ago as has Doctor Oak but Professor still has to work hard to attract younger generations like you all the more and Doctor Oak to make sure they get what they want by keeping everything functioning there cause it’s been a mayhem there for last 12 years and keeps getting weirder by days(all laugh a lot,cheers for DR JACKAL,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Giselle(smile) : “um..well I was 3 still when Jangomo-O was woken(both laugh)..(all laugh a lot)..so um..yeah as you were saying aunty about Jubilee Hands-On(all laugh a lot,cheers for COMPENDIUM,..)” Myla(laughing) : “yeah hands-on absolutely(all laugh)..well he is in a different league all together you know best fitted at forests all alone(laughs,Giselle smiles)..(all laugh,cheers for SOCIETY,..)..” Giselle(smile) : “yeah I can kinda assume why his bros has much love for him given their very own statures against sanity especially the baby one(all laugh a lot,..GUZZLE HUMDRUM,...)..” Myla(smile) : “yeah pretty much and it was really the start you know amusing how he could pull that off with his big bro who himself was 14 only then missed his middle school finals 3 papers to Zed’s 4 from Elementary(laughs,Giselle wonders)..(all laugh,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for MR CUISINE LITE,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..bro told us yesterday about Margin..um..he said all calls him by this name(all laugh a lot)..” Myla(laugh) : “unless as Charlie yeah(laughs a lot)..(all laugh a lot)” Giselle(laugh) : “um..yeah he also called Wolfgang grandpa once while bro was still being treated heard that as is this being recored all Cammie’s fault to have introduced these too portable and suitable models(all laugh,Seth cheers for SILLY,..)..yeah I can atleast have an idea of understanding as to why he can academically manage a literal Jangomo-O(all laugh)..but um..bro also told us about Team Skull is he ok now..” Myla(bit concerned) : “yeah for now more than safe he has 4 pokemons all from lab like Hikkie same way went to him this consists of Volbeat,Archeops,Drampa and a Slowking who were reared up alongside Jangomo-O hence it’s a relief in one way(laughs,Giselle smiles with a bit concern)..(all laugh,cheers for YOUNG ONE,..)..” Giselle(bit concerned) : “um..but aunty Team Skull he first warned all of us then said yeah we’re familiar to them most certainly and you know with Bosangria and all..” Myla(smile) : “no it’s alright dear those at the lab doesn’t leave Pallet if any of us the stuffs leave it’s informed directly to Elite4,Conglomerate and 11 city general corporation whoever comes to much touch with us are also informed to places so this weighs heavy always on them to turn up on us unless a fake lab or a fake set-up which we’re experienced enough to handle and understand beforehand as per your bros no Cuo,Gary and Seth both do travel around but you know them(both laugh)..(all laugh) and especially Stash is impossible to penetrate psychophysically the rest three have some proportion of false logic as they say(all laugh a lot) in them like they ever admit it and work around it but says the real fights are still left so yeah God bless the other three especially the youngest among them(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for BABY GYARADOS,all a lot) but they can’t be toppled unless of them and no they too is about abstract fights you understand in gross will be fiendishly vicious if that happens again the Phantom exudes this the most(all laugh a lot,..YOUNG FLOWER DREAM,Seth and Mallow laugh..,Stash cheers for YEARS GO BY/ON-THE-FLY/SITUATIONS PENETRATES ME CAUSE OF MY/ONLY THE FORMER CHANGES HENCE SAY HALLOW NEVER HI,all uncontrollably laugh,..) so yeah that’s a concern still as to what sort of individuals those three will be(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for WaterFire,all laugh a lot) and no Margin himself is a pest of most unique rights as you must’ve had a glimpse none understands what he means except the fact that what he wants to(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for Mr VACCINE Lite,all uncontrollably laugh,..) so no actually any Team would reject him first up themselves atleast these two are exciting(all laugh,cheers for LASTLY a PROFESSIONAL PHANTOM) but Stash is impossible to do anything with I talked with Mr Dislom and he said as if coerced me to hit him harder and harder and harder and that is what it is he can toy with anyone who lives in an illusion as long as he himself is which is always thus the vultures(all laugh a lot) and he in this regards is similar to his elder bro who has calmed down too much thankfully this term(all laugh,cheers for CIVILIZATION,..) these 6 and these 2 the most Zed is considered the big bro Ingemar the elder cause of their views,the eldest and the youngest are the most infact are rather after illusion(laughing a lot) countering(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)..and they have their own orders too Gary is always pampered the most against dangerous situations regarding profession which Cuo and Seth always faces all of it Stashey kinda in the background if only needed but this chronology is upended if it's dangerous situation regarding humans(all laugh..lot) and then in both cases Gary is always shoved down the throat of Society that is(laughing) to them the repercussion of civilization(both un..)..(all un..)..but the youngest of them is who is our real headache since the start cause he's untenable,correction the form should be negotiable not not viable mentally that is he would add(both un..)..(all un..)” 
Giselle(laughing a lot) : “yeah Guzzle Humdrum even i now am starting to understand was the actual version(all laugh..lot) and yeah this one about countering all the twins explained a bit and no wonder their language is thus so and infact couldn’t have been anything else(all laugha lot,Cuong,Stash,Gary and Seth cheer for MS VOLBEAT,..)..and well Terry ever said and actually all said since Ms Volbeat debuted that the three others are most possibly already here and one of them is like that in profession fire only bunch in water cup specialization that too at Pasio(all laugh a lot) and now studying breeding at Cinnabar Volcano Gym(all laugh a lot) and still most outrageously has a cup win(all laugh a lot) and to end this all is even named as like Lillie flower(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for Lillie flower,..)” Myla(laugh) : “well their eldest sis actually is petrified of the prospects(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for DaisyDevil,..) and no I only have met Daisy and she herself too just seemed too naturally perfect so yeah that personality and style at a water gym that too at Cerulean will be something too I guess(all laugh a lot,cheers for Mr Fox,..)” Giselle(laugh) : “and well about the songs too bro himself said yeah there are many great writers past and present but seemed to be most blindly infatuated with Ms Volbeat certainly Guzzle Humdrum was(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for THAT FEELING,..) cause he said Ms Volbeat actually commentates on each ethereal kinds and if they’re not uplifts those to that stage her works are presented in a way just to tell people that she isn’t at all happy with duality cause she can understand it too well but can’t eschew the feeling(all laugh a lot,Violet cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST FLIP A COIN/UNDERSTAND THAT EXPECTATION IS ONLY THE FEELING NO MATTER THE SIDE OF JOIN,uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong,Gary,Seth and Stash cheer for JUST HIT IT WITH THAT PEWTER ROCK,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)” Myla(laugh) : “but strangely unlike Lillie Ms Volbeat has rather encouraged her big sis strangely(all laugh a lot) well that’s understandable still she is atleast presentable unlike her younger sis who Mr Blaine said doesn’t want to live here cause no matter how efficient she is in living she doesn’t like it(all laugh,cheers for HE..HE DOESN’T LIKE ME METAPHORICALLY,..)..and no I haven’t met the youngest one but given the elder three must be something as well(all laugh,cheers for young flower dream,all laugh a lot,Mallow and Seth burst into laughter)..” Giselle(laugh) : “well I didn’t meet her but Terry Mr Wolfgang’s grandson he met the youngest one once in school excursions where the best trainer prospects go and been saying since like 4 months that never have seen anyone who wants her pokemon to manage themselves like humans when she will only fill the gaps of the feelings(all laugh a lot)..and her behaviour and language was absolutely upto it(all laugh,cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)..and her elder sis is studying referee course Pablo uncle's friend's son Wayne studied with Lillie so Millie told us once met Poppy her name she seemed to be so scathing on perfection never for(all laugh..lot,..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE)..so her behaviour was not like her baby sis but unlike her case it will always incite neglect rather than pity(all laugh..lot)” Myla(laugh) : “well I just hope they don’t become individual pests like these three then with all these together 11 city will become untenable(all laugh a lot)..so no about Team Skull 11 city is the hardest place to penetrate yes Bosangria,Zipgarnet and Rimsable has been in doldrums as long as I’ve been here but Yellowburst and Pewter more than compensates it(all laugh a lot) so yeah it’s ok but still just for your knowledge you know especially your mom and dad told you all of that thing and no if those outlaws even get any of their disciples may be can capture them but can’t at all keep them there for the sake of their sanity(all laugh)..”
Giselle(smile) : "um..yeah another thing aunty i actually looked up your details you said like your recruitment test there was the toughest.."
Myla(laughing..lot) : "hands-on hence(Giselle laugh..lot)..i walk in this this ok get in,interviewer is a bit strange creature who says greetings compeer if needed for ethics(Giselle burst..)..but looking at you and your needs i believe memory if servers never at past that do you know what is called-Attachment : A Random Honesty(both un..long).."
Giselle(laughing..lot) : "yeah Cammie told us this like,why he said i wanted to lose physical awareness cause like the last thing i heard before losing physical awareness was i asked what are you doing to me let me go or something said i was told relax compeer..unless YOU ARE not from I being declares to commitment of self-Option : A Random Honesty(both un..long).."
Myla(laughing..) : "but anyway then i tell my views(both laugh..lot)..the reply i was given the record of the whole interview ofcourse A Random Honesty(both un..)..but that will be said by this driver hands-on.."
Zed(was driving) : "greetings compeer are you aside confidence of my(both un..).."
Giselle(laughing..) : "um..may be(laughs a lot as does Myla)..but um..like if honest but not moral though ethical then being and seeing is like Occasion thus to Information hallow never hi(both un..).."
Record(Myla Plays) : "I could/feel it if i too/thus pray who or meh..seeing boos/answering and ding/two ping ping/else oh pray to see as me/Meh Marred by canny be..
will be be free then Meh..so intensity..anything real found(both un..,..Meh Mar,#,..).."
...(Wayne calls Galaxy whose at her room and also Ruben and Mallow at Cerulean Gym,Irene is also there from her room,after meeting with Tantrum same night) Wayne(frown) : “yeah Rubu finally met A Random Tryrantum(all laugh a lot)” Ruben(thoughtful) : “does he reverberate psychologically I mean(all burst into laughter)” Galaxy(frown) : “my assumption would be he arbitrates the resemblance between dermatology and and peripheral nervous system(all burst into laughter)..” Ruben(bit happy) : “um..Laxy this is so..(all laugh a lot)” Mallow(irritated) : “SHUT UP YOU B..!(all laugh a lot)..EXACTLY EXACTLY NOW THIS EMOTION WILL COME ISN’T IT(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for young flower dream,..)..thus that b.. is trapped in between(all laugh a lot)..but um that place is abstract still Laxy no matter the oscillation of superseding ego unlike your b..(all laugh a lot)” Galaxy(frown) : “thus they try to stitch(all burst into laughter)..” Irene(laugh) : “man would you three cut it he is just a mental patient with an amusing skill no more(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheers for MRS HALMSLEY,..)” Ruben(thoughtful) : “but um that means still he is more efficient in conversion of conversation into corresponding incidence of mind(all burst into laughter)” Mallow(frown) : “the precedent of which requires them to lift the hallow of physique the veil to hide the discomfort of intelligence(all burst into laughter,Seth cheers for,Seth how could you call me Mallow,..)” Wayne(frown) : “and your hubby will be able to able to divert attention from negligence to cognizance(all burst into laughter,cheers for Lastly a Ghastly Phantom,..)” Ruben(sarcastic) : “continence yeah(all burst into laughter)” Mallow(angry) : “shut up!(all laugh) you b.. always is like,no she’s so nice you know..ALL A PLOY TO TRAP YOUR COMPASSION FIRST TAKE THAT YOU B..(all burst into laughter,Seth cheers for,Seth why do boys look at girls,..)” Galaxy(frown) : “never is enough hence a system of ethics the ration yeah(all burst into laughter)” Mallow(irritated) : “SHUT UP!(all laugh) your b.. only likes you cause he’s infatuated with your idea of portability of measure NOT PROBABILITIES OF RAZORS!(all burst into laughter)..huh hi honey you’re so sweetie!ALL A VEIL OF CONCEPTION TO FINE TUNE BEAUTY! Take that you b..(all burst into laughter)” Irene(sigh) : “Mallow please get your pitch down a bit ok none of them are going to match your conceptions(all laugh a lot)” Wayne(frown) : “perceptions yeah(all laugh a lot)..” Mallow(frown) : “was that a challenge Wayne huh was that a challenge(all laugh a lot,all cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)” Wayne(frown) : “balance(all laugh a lot)..” Mallow(frown) : “how are you so assured of their PSYCHOLOGICAL MIGHT(all laugh a lot)..” Ruben(thoughtful) : “um..no that’s ok but that too is part of psychology so what if they just might..” Wayne(frown) : “and atleast one does more than that..(all laugh a lot)..” Irene(laugh) : “Wayne please it’s called petrasophic disorder syndrome(all burst into laughter)” Ruben(shout,happy) : “SHUT THE HELL UP! EVEN IF IT IS Laxy I can always say you’re only seeing my soulful spirit never the refractive tomb(all burst into laughter)” Galaxy(frown) : “exactly why your process to digest a GROSS thing is dealt at the molecular level not the atomic cause otherwise it rims the never confined home for the bored who wants to magnify it’s art defining the word dome(all burst into laughter)” Mallow(frown) : “same reason why you’ve been entrapped despite knowing it’s only for preparation not inhibition when you tell your b.. SWEETIE I’M HOME take that you b..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Irene(sigh) : “yeah to them this only rhymes with the incentive of demography is to certify holography as would say any vegetable seller’s association accountant post application queue breaker Coalossal(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheers for MRS HALMSLEY,..)” Mallow(frown) : “and that CERTAIN trip with Wayne's b.. to a CERTAIN place ensured this language isn’t it Irie HUH ISN’T IT MENTALLY(all burst into laughter)..” Irene(sigh) : “conceptually yeah(all burst into laughter)..” Mallow(irritated) : “shut up!how can even you not understand that it’s all about that logical game that they’ve only been entrapped by their idea of efficiency just as any infatuated self-mortifying fool would do calling it a visualization of what’s defined against his never fulfilling wish as sane(all burst into laughter,Cuongand Genkai cheer for BURNT TO FLASHES,..)” Wayne(frown) : “anyhow Mallow enough with these and Irie why the hell did you go there Jerome is mad we all know(all laugh a lot,cheers for Baby Dawn Groudon,all laugh a lot)..” Irene(laugh) : “man please they are just a bit on the edge that’s all and no none of us wanted to go only Ruth said I’m doing a roundup on different techniques of psychic channels for dad what they are saying and doing is no more than what Sakura does just put a coat of abstraction on it anyway let’s see so I went there cause the rest were behaving like foolish kids being hesitant as if they are demons(all laugh a lot)..” Mallow(frown) : “hum..so acidic yet sweet hence the most CORROSIVE was the MENTAL lemon(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Stash and Seth cheers for THIS DAY A DATE,..)” Wayne(frown) : “bye(all laugh a lot)..”
Mallow(sternly) : “you b.. either you behave or I’ll see how your b.. from incognito gets to say hi(all laugh a lot)..”
Wayne(frown) : “yeah I hope you understand first that THE DOG is in a music tour(all un..,..,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheers for choiced brats,..) where it’s(all laugh a lot shaking their heads) the very first one after years of hard work amidst terrible personal situations now only 2.5 months left till it atleast can bark that has bit one good bone(all burst..) so don’t spoil the jarring career(all un..,..) no matter me(all laugh a lot)..besides it was forced to go there just cause IT cares for pokemons too much(all laugh..lot)”
Ruben(irritated) : “hey Mallow just shut it ok we’re yet to know what Wayne saw and already half an hour past(all laugh)”
Mallow(frown) : “yeah they i heard aren't allowed communicators so on so on..(all burst..)..and why is he so defensive about his b.. hum(all laugh..lot)..”
Wayne(frown) : "because unlike your hubby she is in material hence no more mere philosophical cue(all un..)"
Mallow(shout) : "shut up you b..he's way better at morphology of to be's than your b.. rationality of to see..take that you b..(all un..)"
Wayne(scowl) : "welcome never.."
Galaxy(frown) : “Wayne enough don't get trapped in her self created predictive mess(all burst..) I guess they just can’t find the root of shrinkage of vapourization of conditional montage(all burst into laughter) hence their emotion distorted as obliteration creates this apparent alliterative assuage of bondage(all burst into laughter)”
Wayne(frown) : “well I only..(a bit surprized)..um..what’s up with Terry now in emergency(all laugh a lot)..Millie..dad’s friend Mr Pablo’s daughter her boyfriend(Seth cheers for BILLY,all burst into laughter,..)..yeah hi Terry what’s up..”
Strawberry : “professional ketchup specific fish chop general cooking process Ah this isn’t universal a mishap PERSONALLY cogitating how humanity a human usurps(all burst into laughter,cheers for Dr jackal,..)”
Wayne(scowl) : “whose this(all laugh a lot)..”
Strawberry : “personally Mr Eerie professionally the top of cherry is what’s general in the specific sea of merry that a happy person can never feel the happiness enough ALAS!personality appears to co-ordinate your moral ferry(all burst into laughter)”
Wayne(scowl,now in conference) : “what have you done to Terry(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “generally personality is undefined unless specifically it’s a bit eerie(all bust into laughter,Poppy and Mallow cheers for PLAYBOY OAK,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Seth cheers for,OH NOW MY PLAYING OAK!OH NOW MY WHY RHYMES SOOTHE OH SAYING OAK!,all un..,Cuong cheers for,YEARS GO BY/TRYING TO STOP THE TRY/TO GET WHAT’S A THING THAT’S ETERNAL THUS MY/ONLY THE ETERINTY BELIES HENCE TO ANY THING HALLOW NEVER HI,all un..,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS)..” Mallow(scowl) : “are you that b.. Charlie Doldrum(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “Lottery Really Taciturn(all un..,..,Cuong,Seth,Genkai and Gary cheers for,Eldie's today's lesson,Vitriol Highly Pendulum,all un..)” Mallow(frown) : “I see effective in UNCERTAINTY countering(all burst into laughter,..,cheers for DR OAK!OH DR OAK,..)” Strawberry : “well that’s for children ‘mam but for me it’s a proverb of rostering(all burst into laughter)” Wayne(scowl) : “hence you’re more professional as a person routering(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “soliciting(all laugh a lot)..”
Irene(a bit surprized as if expecting something) : “um..sorry but aren’t you Mr Ga..(all laugh a lot)” Mallow(sternly) : “ry,Gary,DR Gary OAK EMBODIED(all laugh a lot,cheers for Dr Oak Dr Oak!,..)..I guess you’re here seeking our money only(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “I personally guess you’re thus a specific Waterflower professionally disturbed which part to rue which to tell I’m so sorry only(all burst into laughter,Gary cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..)” Mallow(scowl) : “I see ETHICS in due Honesty(all laugh)..” Strawberry : “professional chemistry mentally though thus unspecified(all burst into laughter)” Daisy(bit surprized now joined in conference) : “hey Mallow what is..(all laugh a lot,cheers for DAISYDEVIL,..)” Strawberry : “personally Ms Daisy Waterflower PROFESSIONALLY a gym leader I guess(all laugh a lot)” Daisy(scowl) : “Mallow whose this(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “Rubu,Irie,Laxy and please welcome Mr Strawberry Facepalm(all laugh lot,Cuong and Seth says,rhymes saw,..)” Daisy(very angry) : “Wayne you..Mr Berry I’m sorry but we’re not interested to..(all laugh)” Tantrum(joins the conference,..) : “go deep in blue/if I tell myself I’m indeed you how can you to me be ever true(all burst into laughter)..” Daisy(sternly) : “I see bona-fide of causal MYSTREY(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “registry(all burst into laughter)..”
Daisy(sternly) : “yeah ethics in moral honesty we know(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “thus we were wondering why it’s is so elusive is all because it’s modifiable or surmountable the HISTORY(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(sternly) : “you’re testing my patience Mr..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “something that’s an enigma thus no stigma rather the being no angle of momentum only the axial pivot of duality remains TECHNICALLY called a sigma says your 4th youngest sister rhymes saw(all burst into laughter)..” Daisy(frown) : “you see Mr we are running a gym still and hence firmly into our careers whereas yours is just a visage of what it could unravel itself beyond this thaw(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “the conformity of teeth with a jaw(all burst into laughter)..” Daisy(stern) : “yeah enough..neither are we interested in your services nor is the city that’s under my recommendation(all laugh a lot,cheers for Dr jackal,..)” Tantrum : “about careers ‘mam if you were professional enough you would’ve understood that water if condensed becomes the ice/the cat needs the mouse more thus only it has to be mice(all burst into laughter)” Daisy(extremely sternly) : “yeah and in all due honesty this is your character isn’t it(all laugh a lot,cheers for DAISYDEVIL,..)” Tantrum : “it’s strange why the fittest wants to remain unfit(all burst into laughter)” Daisy(frown) : “see it won’t happen unless I sign the recommendation(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “it still may not specifically happen if we generally find the ground being personally too barren to waste professional energy(all laugh a lot)” Daisy(frown) : “Wayne who poked whom(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “you know this reminds me of perfection in judgment Berry neutral though can’t be a groom(all burst into laughter,Daisy and Tracey uncontrollably laugh)..” Daisy(shout) : “you scoundrel..what do you want huh(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “this is an ethical question ‘mam(all uncontrollably laugh,..) that this rage can be dual edge which is the reason the words the meaning the relations or just this age(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Daisy(shout) : “you scoundrel(all laugh) Wayne what did you tell them(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “it’s ok Dase you’re angry cause of the relation nothing else(all burst into laughter)..” Daisy(shout) : “you’re in their gang then too huh you..(all laugh a lot)..” Mallow(frown) : “Dase calm down ok you hear far worse each day due to your too much compassion(all laugh a lot,cheers for NO!IT’S INHUMAN!,Tracey shakes his head laughing,..)..you’re only angry cause they are telling you to abandon your feel that’s associated with your decision while you revise your discriminatory skill(all burst into laughter,cheers for THAT FEELING,..)” Daisy(shout) : “you b.. what have you done to my baby(all laugh a lot)..” Galaxy(frown) : “sis please calm down I’m seeing this(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Genkai and Seth cheers for TAXI,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..what you’re telling her Mr Randy is to engage more in correlational aspects of chunks of stimulus rather than the cogitation solely on the solubility in proportion to the salinity of the determination mixed in desire of the link that’s the cause between two separate events forming that isthmus(all uncontrollably laugh,..cheers for TAXI,all laugh even more,..)” Ruben(bit thoughtful) : “um..just a small correction Laxy determination mixed in leisure else it’s imperative that there’s a disturbance doesn’t confirm the ground to be neutral the pure form of the ever non causal the dual aspire(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Genkai and Seth cheers for BUBOO,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Tantrum : “thus you see Ms Daisy Waterlower implosion is far more exquisite than corroboration thanks..(cuts off)” Strawberry : “Professionalism compeers is the outline of intelligence ever cautious against applying subjective ranks never a problem you see due to rigorous functions being well defined as objects for any smooth running banks..” Tantrum(in Strawberry’s phone) : “not mentally that is hence welcome never bye(all burst into laughter)..(both cut off)..” Wayne(frown) : “heard the last line Dase how they interchange each moment around duality(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(scowl) : “yeah and my conclusions are number one you will keep those dredges of society to you mind only rhymes saw(all laugh a lot) number two Rubu and Mallow you’ll report me on your ACADEMIC PROGRESS!(all laugh a lot,Seth,Genkai and Cuong cheers for CULTURE,..) and Irie and Laxy ensure that alongside your own..(all laugh)..” Mallow(scowl) : “yeah yeah enough as if you know the difference between transactional diligence and morphology of frown bye(cuts off)..(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Poppy,Seth,Mallow,Genkai,Blossom,Cedar,Gladys,Gary and Lillie cheer for OH JACKAL!PATIENT JACKAL!,all uncontrollably laugh,tears,fits and convulsions of laughter,Daisy uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Daisy(sternly) : “Wayne how many times would I tell not to invite all comers(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM,..)..i wouldn't mind even if all comes cause i won't sign but i don't believe that Phantom as the name suggests none has seen Ash Ketchum in almost 6 years don't you know(all un..,..Daisy..LASTLY PHANTOM TURNED INTO GHASTLY A PLAYFUL BOY,all un..,..PLAYBOY) ” Irene(laugh) : “sis please I went to the lab as you know they spent whole day with innumerable pokemons it’s just..(all laugh a lot)..” Galaxy(frown) : “that one of them is less extremist right(all laughs lot,cheers for this day a date,..)..it’s ok sis I understand you they are only here to belittle your authority I suspect there’s something about them and the upcoming leader there at Pewter given his strange public demand there since he entered middle school(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Poppy,Seth,Mallow,Stash and Gary cheers for,HEY!NO ONIX DON'T YOU PLAY!CAUSE LEADER FEELS THIS THE TIME NOW TO SAY!,all burst..,Violet un..,..cheers for THAT FEELING,Brock slaps himself laughing a lot)..hence you know best these games(all laugh a lot,cheers for HEY!OH BOULDER BOULDER PLAY!,all burst..)” Daisy(frown) : “yeah but it’s of no use suspecting things Laxy over time we’ll understand what is what(all laugh a lot)..and i know Brock for long and talk with him daily as do you(all un..,all except Brock and Violet..BOULDER!BOULDER!,all un..,Brock and Violet un..)” Ruben(a bit thoughtful) : “um..yeah but Dase you’re a gym leader and they are no matter what providing some new insights could’ve told them on the counter that if derivation is quintessential subtlety becomes reduced to the idea of verify(all burst into laughter)” Galaxy(frown) : “this is why you’re better suited as a breeder Rubu better suited to rear up not gear down(all laugh a lot) the answer to this even I know that yet in verification itself you’ll decide me to be of matter/thus you’ll be abstract to yourself ever alas I won’t thus that itself will get you to shatter(all burst into laughter)” Daisy(frown) : “yeah congrats to both for this dual cater(all laugh a lot)..enjoy your time together(all laugh)..” Ruben(a bit happier) : “um..thanks I mean the existential ranks bye(cuts off)..(all burst into laughter)..” Galaxy(bit ashamed) : “it’s ok sis you know him best ever too happy with these just like Mallow..” Daisy(a bit concerned) : “yeah you know him better than any Laxy don’t worry(all laugh a lot) but just be a bit careful dear ok I’m only concerned as to what if they lose it in the middle(all laugh a lot,cheers for DAISYDAISYL,..)..hence atleast till they complete one region I’m not budging(all laugh)” Galaxy(smile) : “no it’s ok I’ll be careful(all laugh a lot)..(Ruben reconnects)..” Ruben(bit irritated) : “hey Dase enough with your discussions ok she’s has an academic career unlike you(all brust into laughter)..(Daisy laughs a lot,Wayne scowls,Irene too laughs shaking her head)..” Galaxy(frown) : “yeah too much respect for it isn’t it(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(laugh) : “man it will be something once you enter your careers you know(all laugh)..anyway best wishes(all laugh)..(Ruben reciprocates and Galaxy scoffs at Ruben at the same time and bye)..(all laugh)..anyway(frown),Irie I know how great a professional you will be(all laugh a lot,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..) only if you can stay discerning enough(all laugh a lot)..” Irene(bit concerned) : “um..no sis it’s not that Ruth as I told you hasn’t been alright just after a full demo and you understand they treat her like a newborn(all laugh) they I realized just sniffs the slightest of vulnerability if someone thinks of pokemons to be like as they said another then they show how due to them being not so about that they can’t bother(all laugh)” Wayne(frown) : “and it goes beyond pokemons Irie they are countering themselves each moment all cause they don’t have anything else to do as all else are in their words psychophysical(all laugh a lot) that brat Randy certainly has too many colours beneath him no matter the humdrums I realized(all burst..,cheers for DISCOLOURING THE COLOURING OF DISCOLOURING,..)..” Daisy(frown) : “no need to be so philosophical about it Wayne they are just egotistical scoundrels riding on Mr Ingemar’s crooked intelligence(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for MR SACCHARINE SITHE,all uncontrollably laugh,....)..once he returns things will get more clear(all laugh,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheer for MR SACCHARINE TITHE,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anyway Irie just be careful no matter whom you may like..”..” Daisy(laugh) : “just go on Cuo boy the moment you see a jackal(all laugh a lot) what’s the first thought that crosses your mind(laughs a lot,all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Cuong(laugh) : “Oh my dear Dase look at the moon/remember the behaviours of the cunning and my name hence I’m the Tracey of electricity(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Brock(fits of laughter) : “man how is this jackal going to work now Daisy cause if there’s a deadlock I’m the jackal of electricity(all burst into laughter)..” Tracey(laugh) : “atleast I didn’t say like professional equanimity(all burst into laughter,Brock and Violet uncontrollably laugh,..)” Seth(laugh) : “man Dr jackal isn’t going out tomorrow definitely at light(all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..anyway this restarts going beyond all hells still(all laugh)..
Wayne(frown) : “on hand experience Irie don’t follow the lead(all laugh shaking their heads)” Daisy(scowl) : “and you’re absolutely assured of the seeds isn’t it RHYMING(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “obscured hence(all laugh a lot)”
Irene(irritated and ashamed) : “hey Wayne enough with this ok..” Wayne(frown) : “you better stay on Irie you,Rubu and Mallow are too sweet to understand anything and Viol or Laxy to admit it(all laugh a lot) but still you’re safer than Lil cause she won’t like them saying these yet being personnels to start with(all laugh a lot,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!)..Poppy has already gone to the bushes anyway with a spoiled career with her associates added(all laugh..lot,..THE EXAMPLED ONES,all un..) now none will stop her from jumping into Juritared with a Marill(all burst..,..JUMPING INTO OCEAN WITH MARILL WILL BE RUING,Tracey un..) hence it’s the time isn’t it Dase that you get cleared up in your head(all laugh)”
Daisy(frown) : “you’re concerned what if they have engaged in academic p..(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Wayne(frown) : “I find no other reasons for this intrusion into families(all laugh a lot)..Millie you know Pablo uncle’s daughter she has come into their grasp as has her boyfriend Terry it will be interesting to see what happens when they’re eventually sent to the lab(all laugh a lot,cheers for Hush!Professionalism!,..)..”
Irene(sigh) : “yeah ask Ruth for that(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “Randy Tantrum has been to sewages as well I asked a few there has affected the kids there too this all is a veil to capture people who responds to them and feed them to their backyard for what reason but legal smuggling(all laugh a lot)..they are just collecting enough people for their side to lead a coup at 11 city conglomerate and once in their career the Platue itself within the first region then just run a human team rocket veiling pokemons or what systematically destroying their sanity just as that horrible place is at Rimsable..” Daisy(frown) : “well I don’t know about your mass conspiracy but atleast those 3 can do that personally(all laugh a lot)..and the rest I can surmise given my little brats(all laugh a lot)..” Wayne(frown) : “exactly Irie meet him outside the lab that’s all countering(all laugh a lot) and don’t take the Gyarados with you anywhere or Rubu(all laugh)..you and Laxy should understand this cause those two brats won’t as I said..anyway you may leave now Irie you’re not of that age yet(all laugh a lot,Genkai,Seth and Gary cheers for I’M THE JACKAL OF EFFECTIVITY,all uncontrollably laugh,..Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Irene(irritated) : “be polite ok you’ve not even started your career like sis bye(all laugh)..” Wayne(frown) : “hallow never hi isn’t it Dase(all burst into laughter)..” Daisy(frown) : “the momentum only shifts from you to my the more ensuing(all burst into laughter)..” Wayne(frown) : “and thus for you it’s not a trouble to melt over if people say two words to you again if they’re sincere in they ownself(all laugh a lot,cheers for ATTITUDE,..)..” Daisy(frown) : “you mean emotionally not mentally like you(all burst into laughter) and you’re a damn referee(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DAISYDAISYL)” Wayne(frown) : “metaphorically isn’t it Dase(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for I'M THE FOX OF SEMAPHORES/THUS A JACKAL OF METAPHORES/LOOK..I'M THE TRACEY OF psychological EMBOARS,all un..)..” Daisy(frown) : “exactly(all laugh a lot)..I knew what he wanted but that’s always dubious hence I didn’t care as it’s just a matter of vanishing degree that for him ultimately wasn’t metaphysical but epistemological(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Wayne(frown) : “thus as you were in transactions only by means of discrimination you proclaim your chastity still mentally that is(all laugh shaking their heads,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash and Daisy burst into laughter)” Daisy(frown) : “which you most assuredly are doing cause you ponder the renegade of hospitality not the onslaught of manhood(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DAISYDAISYL)” Wayne(frown) : “it is because manhood is reflective elaborately not securely of a decision thus always logically culpable to adjustments or restrictions the second part of which in reflection has made you isolated in the state of also could(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for REFLECTION MASTERY)..thus you’re desperate to adjust yourself by means of correction not filtration of all the hoods(all burst into laughter,Genkai,Gary and Seth cheer for I’M THE JACKAL OF SOLIDARITY,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing a lot)..”..man this is absolute killer(all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Daisy(fits of laughter) : “like after our first post marriage quarrel he said(laughing a lot) I didn’t say much honey cause you were so angry already hum(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Genkai,Seth and Cuong cheers THE FOX OF CHARITY,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Brock(fits of laughter) : “he can’t stay employed at all as like whenever he says we need second thoughts,I’M THE JACKAL OF SELECTIVITY(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing a lot)..” Tracey(laughing a lot) : “atleast I don’t say like rhyming with sanity(all burst into laughter)..no should’ve continued as a student rather(all burst into laughter,..)..” Seth(laughing a lot) : “man Dr jackal will be absolutely untenable now(all laugh a lot,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..anyhow this somehow goes on still(all laugh a lot)..
Daisy(frown) : “atleast thus UNLIKE YOU i’m more decisional not volitional to microscopic transfiguration of self(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Wayne(frown) : “thus always in need of derivative not iterative focal reference emotionally(all burst into laughter)”
Daisy(scowl) : “yeah when her realism and your anarchism will be too sought after i’ll see what happens to your neutrality(all laugh a lot)”
Wayne(frown) : “and all he said he could take care of aunty(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(frown) : “that was the bounty which someone of your gender won’t want to admit unless there’s subtlety(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Genkai,Cuong,Gary and Seth cheers for I’M THE JACKAL OF RECEPTIVITY,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)” Wayne(frown) : “thus not harangue about the terms of mentality rather necessity(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Genkai and Blossom,Cuong and Poppy and Seth and Mallow cheer for OH NOW MY DUTY OAK!OH NOW MY WHY DURING ANY DUTY TO ACHIEVE SUCCESS ONE NEEDS IMAGINATION WHICH LEXICON ALSO TERMS AS CUTE BUT NOT CUTIE OAK!,all burst..,Gary shakes his head laughing)..and it’s been 10 days since you’ve returned the scene took place day one here and you’ve debuted as a gym leader yesterday(all laugh a lot)” Daisy(frown) : “so?do I have to confess my longing for emotions(all uncontrollably laugh,..Seth,Cuong,Genkai and Gary cheers for I’M THE FOX OF CREATIVITY,all un..,Tracey too un..)” Wayne(frown) : “thus doing for bifurcations and pruning rather(all laugh a lot)..till you realize there’s indeed another(all laugh a lot)” Daisy(frown) : “exactly why you treat her not as other as they said countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Daisy cheers for MASTER BRATS)..” Wayne(frown) : “this is what i’m saying Dase see how they professionally impede anyone’s personal sanity(all laugh a lot)” Daisy(frown) : “may be Wayne but we all know it’s universal rather than specific hence it’s in the end is all about character(all laugh a lot,cheers for DAISYDEVIL)” Wayne(frown) : “and this is the incision of exactly that that you don’t admit due to your idea of effective responsibility is all what i’m saying(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(frown) : “it doesn’t matter Wayne there’s no opportunity for the subtle responsibilities only gross in case of our profession unlike a breeder or a lab researcher that deal with trajectory rather than the projectile(all laugh a lot)..thus to me it’s redundant what they do rather who they are(all laugh a lot) and look no matter what Viol is extremely aggressive in terms of tendencies not propensities(all laugh a lot) so is immune to them agnostic to any of your or my view cause she doesn’t leave emotional spheres where their ideas won’t help them to remain only get out of unlike what Viol’s ideas are(all laugh a lot,Genkai,Cuong and Seth cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST UNDERSTAND THIS BEING/THAT WHEN YOU DON’T KNOW ANYTHING THE FEELING OF ONLY YOU THEN SING,all uncontrollably laugh,..LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing) and no Lil’s requirements are impossible to materialize(all laugh a lot) what that brat Strawberry is saying is not possible to achieve unless he understands the difference between being and seeing the later of which being pertinent to him only assures reticence not eloquence(all laugh a lot,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash cheers for YEARS GO BY/TO UNDERSTAND THE REASONS OF WHY/THEN THE OTHER QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS COME BY/ONLY THE ZEAL REPEATEDLY RECASTS BEING A BEING THUS TO THE QUESTIONNAIRE HALLOW NEVER HI,all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus he can’t transact being a professional only being a personal(all laugh a lot,cheers for PERSONALLY PROFESSIONAL MOLING,..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash cheers for YEARS GO BY/SEQUENCES REPEAT DON’T DIE/THUS DEATH ITSELF ONLY SAYS I WILL ENTAIL MY/HENCE LIFE HALLOW NEVER HI,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..Jubilee don’t seem to be an object at all to me hence only the surname Hands-On(all laugh a lot,cheers for CIVILIZATION,all burst into laughter)..and no whole world knows about Mr Zed Ketchum these all are too below his level of vision that's as his daily broadcasts say roams at mere tenuity(all burst..) and Charlie is too cunning to come out of respiration into perspiration(all laugh a lot,Seth,Genkai,Cuong and Gary cheers for MR CUMIN TITHE,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..and Randy Tantrum’s business as I heard before and now read about the vultures is too engaging to understand anything else(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE VULTURE THRILLER) so Mallow is ok they will treat her as a shuttle cock between them and sanity rather(all laugh a lot,Gary cheers for SHUT UP YOU NAMECALL!HE RETROSPECTS ABOUT MY EMOTIONS BEHIND IDEAS UNLIKE YOUR NAMECALL'S ONLY ABSTRACTIONS NOT CONJECTURES TAKE THAT YOU NAMECALL!,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong and Genkai cheers for BABY GYARADOS,..) then someone that goes by the name Simile Popcorn is obviously not medically cleared(all un..,Poppy and Mallow..RETICENCE VAT,all un..)..then Daily Hologram ofcourse can't get rid of his infatuation with convictions thus counters himself in the same terms just to see if this was more metaphysical to his ontological existence(all un..,Poppy and Mallow..CRITICAL PAT,all un..)..then ofcourse someone that roams around by the name of Shadowy Lantern certainly doesn't care about clarity only unambiguity(all un..,Poppy and Mallow..WEATHER CHAT)..but i've been saying this since day one Wayne just like all that Phantom scares me Wayne whose this brat afterall(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..” Wayne(frown) : “the one shrewd enough to derive this exact feeling and expression Dase alongside the apprehension so you understand the insinuations of and out of that name itself this is the most sickening pro joining all of them together effacing himself behind pointers in the shadows thus even this rhymes saw(all laugh a lot,cheers for look-only-at)..i’ll try to meet him all the rest rather seems permeable except this brat cause he’s too elusive(all laugh a lot) except this what is interesting to see is how much depth Tantrum or his other compeers except Phantom have in their business acumen cause despite projecting themself in terms of antithesis of causality certainly Tantrum seemed to be vacuum-proof to sanity thus the idea countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..but you must've met Ash what was he like(all un..,Daisy..GHASTLY PHANTOM SAID LOOK LASTLY JUST WANTS TO PLAY A BOY,all un..)”
Daisy(frown) : "no i only met him on the day Doctor Oak came as part of the final negotiations mom tried to throw him out of the gym but ofcourse couldn't cause then Doctor Oak could've sued us but she herself told Ash to go away he asked outside or inside direction ever deludes(all un..),and no especially his performances then in services for long was too hard for mom to control the others all understood were percepts of existence no matter the fact that Niji the hardest to discern(all burst..)..but this particular brat always seemed up for something as he said the ensue even if discerned will still elude comprehension the Phantom(all burst..) but he as you know never left the lab all the rest did came only here cause Lil was infatuated with especially him for long always said to our objections that but that's just Niji's another version you have no trouble with her(all burst..),well Shadowy Lantern is just a being through the blurred this one turned out to be the witnessing sinister(all burst..)..anyway i only saw him there waiting outside i stayed with mom Viol was there only ofcourse took the advantage of universities to bunk the classes and went to meet him(all laugh..lot)..she said he didn't do anything at all so she said all wanted to meet him in terms of BEAUTY(all burst..)..so she said i told him why don't you come to the field my friends wishes to meet you,he looked at me then said redundant compeer i know whose whose beau(all burst..)..then himself went inside(all burst..),went there all wanted him to be in the middle of them,nonchalantly went there but sat in front of Ruth(all laugh..lot) then said are you afraid hombres(all laugh..lot) are you afraid to be(all un..),then Ruth said i ofcourse knew it meant out of reference so changed my position and told them don't waste your time you've no idea of his conceptions of beauty just cause you know what it means(all un..,Daisy and Violet..LASTLY PHANTOM SAID LET'S PLAY THEN BOY,all un..)..so they were too happy hence spoke of this and that but he wisely brushed everything aside then started only saying when you know someone isn't assured of his or her gender(all un..),next he went onto talking about why there's a need of generalized genders in terms of assurance of reference(all burst..),next he spoke of the meaning of gender that was the most ensuing(all un..),then next he spoke about relationship then ego then compassion then evolution of notion(all laugh..lot) next he spoke about the ideas of souls and cessations(all laugh..lot) then finally spoke of different practices of attentive neutralization(all burst..)..so all after like 20/30 minutes didn't know where they were when he left the place telling Ruth that you know you and Viol you are veering towards what they are a bit confused of hence be stabilized in assurance not reference that's mind the word DANGEROUS,welcome never bye(all un..,Violet..PLAYBOY UNCHARTED)..so after that all realized what Ruth told Viol that this is why you should'nt have ruined our time here rather questioned him yourself they don't consider you 5 to be human at all rather what your names suggest hence brush you aside as just characters(all burst..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..WATERFIRE,all the Waterflower sisters un..)..but then the conservation of emotion meant outside their opposite forms were waiting to rather than understand now evaluate this brat in terms of effectiveness(all un..),headed by Bix who else(all un..),so he goes out Bix says,um..Mr Ketchum my components here(all un..) wants a clarification from you on my statement(all burst..),shut up you brat..you so and so why are you roaming around bachelor's messes huh(all un..),a reliance on cases(all un..)..any logical recess not offered(all un..)..so then none understood anything only Bix came inside telling them this is why i told you to go to a movie with them or alone rather than wasting your time here atleast they could sit and gossip you stood all ALONE hence listen to them welcome never bye(all un..)..but never-the-less Wayne you know this too but to me since then in these 6+ years i don't believe it's the same person no matter what witnesses say(all un..)..Ash always was very serious in normal talks too it's said others if only they asked of the true paths spoke seriously but Ash was very serious about pokemons unlike them hence spoke very little even to the Police since he turned professional(all burst..)..but this Lastly Phantom and Ash Ketchum are two completely different entities all say for 6+ years now to the very core(all laugh..lot)..cause in similar situations now as you know he says poems and all which is too supple for the intruders to understand hence has a huge following of all classifications physical,mental and emotional but no the myths of that gym you know i don't know Wayne something might've happened else how can the same person be like this trying to define a Phantom and a Playboy at the same time(all burst..,Violet..there's no evolution compeers things change intelligibly thus doesn't fear and cessation remains the same just as it is being human only we can come into perception of them just cause we see them as it is,countering,all un..,Lillie..thus discrete is this search for pleasure of satiation if it's reversed makes no sense in object the subject says thus i should say that this is the condition,countering,all un..,Poppy..light falls on objects compeer so that you can see/seeing it now if you thing this you should also say me,countering,all un..,Mallow..the ocean of ideas floating around your perception/only is there for realization compeer that except me you're only i in position's circular temptation,countering,all un..,Daisy..Ash except why none your travel companions are of your gender,all un..,Daisy..except Dr jackal,all un..,Ash..jackal jackal observe now this side/oh my detached jackal noted how to it jackal has come to arrive,all un..,..Dr jackal,Tracey and Daisy too un..,Daisy..cause to you the character of nature is in it's equation anything else thus thus to you being i becomes succession..any logical confusions,all un..,all the Waterflower sisters..PLAYBOYS OF HONESTY,all un..,Gary,Genkai and Blossom,Cedar and Gladys,Cuong,Seth,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&...)"


Daisy(frown) : “whatever Wayne keep that Phantom away from Mallow and Rubu and anyone of his characteristics that you may know the later will spoil them to unimaginable heights only to counter them back and forth again exactly how any animal do when you want to drive them away from their coveted food(all laugh a lot,cheers for VULTURE DEALER)..”..*(explain aside with peek-a-boo countering)..


and the former’s character is steel shady and this idea itself is projected which itself self insinuates(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNCHARTED)
Wayne(frown) : “yeah i’ll see and yes Dase ponder over this welcome never bye(all laugh a lot)..” Daisy(frown) : “yeah just the subtlety behind hallow and hi countering(all laugh a lot)..”
..................................
(Mrs Celia Smith Waterflower was much diseased but was feeling a bit better for sometimes around,Lillie talks with her next day over phone)
Lillie(a bit thoughtful) : “um..mom yesterday those from Oak Labs called again thanks to Wayne’s wise foolhardy again(all laugh a lot)..but anyway I heard their sentiments and I know yours but you know one thing caught up with me that is this person Facepalm he talks of something that is attributively significant to rationality yet contributively recurrent to deductibility(all burst into laughter,cheers for LILLIE FLOWER,..)..hence how are they going to get out of this golden cage of self sufficiency no matter what they escapes me(all laugh a lot)..”
Celia(bit worried) : “Lil please what you just said is the sole reason for their journey to collect their food(all laugh a lot)..please dear don’t bother about them especially the twins brats the rest two has some talent in something still(all laugh a lot)..”
Lillie(thoughtful) : “um..yeah it’s ok mom but as you said of their collection still it’s strange how what I suspect is what they preach parallel what do they want actually out of forests is what baffles me(all laugh a lot)..”
Celia(bit worried) : “no it’s a long way there Lil you understand it also they just can’t move out of their horrible plight no matter what unlike Charlie he has got a degree atleast and Berry is far more intelligent to focus his energy on something concrete cause he has to live to continue this horrible game still which especially the baby brat vehemently denies(all laugh a lot)..but you know i’m seriously worried about his elder twin cause it’s ok he is a certified patient(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..) but his elder brat I tell you Lil that brat is THE most hideous brat that any imagination won’t want to materialize as suggests his very name(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..this pest works directly and spoils pokemons no matter how great they are or their trainers and this is what scares me what if he just goes mad(all laugh a lot,cheers for TYRAniTAR)..”
Lillie(bit thoughtful) : “well I guess he has already countered this fact like if he truly loses it then he has to live in imaginations to him because action isn’t feasible only disassociation personally he can’t stay stable even if completely insane but he has to prove it professionally throughout his life which again fall in this chain so you know mom this brat looks most foolish to me why would one waste their time all over despite understanding it every bit his baby twin is an addict of fallibility(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LILLIE FLOWER,Lillie cheers for MASTER BRAT),it’s from a piece published at Cinnabar here ‘Emotion : the sanitation of probability’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..it’s just inexplicable how we’ve found ourselves with these sort of brats at the same timescale(all laugh a lot)..”
Celia(a bit dejected) : “well Lil atleast you have a career you know i’m absolutely petrified of your baby sisters given these menaces and their conceptions(all laugh a lot)..”
Lillie(a bit concern) : “no it’s just this age assured of discernment as a notion not inured of discrimination as the delicate lotion(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LILLIE FLOWER)..”
Celia(bit worried) : “anyway didn’t you meet that brat personally(all laugh a lot)..” Lillie(smile) : “no none did not even Mr Blaine infact he was debarred from entering his own reservation later said he was told that it was so because he would’ve wanted to recognize his bunch as elation though to them it was only the conjecture of relationally positive situationally negative rational injection(all uncontrollably laugh,..) which he said I understood will directly go into psychic channels to eavesdropped him for security(all laugh a lot) said for whole night yeah he repairs only at night(all laugh a lot,cheers for THIS DARK NIGHT) that is called repairing the morning is spent for devastating his own work at night hence the brats becomes completely befooled thus cured seeing there problem is nothing compared to what they’ve been introduced too cause even they understand that it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY,..)..so somehow Mr Blaine said for the full night and this is a volcano at night the pokemons were a heard of Enteis(all laugh a lot) and no mom it’s not a problem for him cause he went there with 2 Reshirams as you know one have set records in evolution already another vehemently criticized the other for this reason only to help the other to chastise him as they they would say countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for BRAT KETCHUMS)..so was with them whole night with a group of misbehaving Entei he extolled the virtues of in-his-words emotional soaking of attentive dehydration of simulative ontology(all burst into laughter) then in the morning vehemently chastised the idea of laziness induced hydration that is refreshment(all burst into laughter)..so Mr Blaine said in the end the Enteis just ran up to me not knowing where they were existentially despite being conscious of it(all laugh a lot) then later we know them obviously still misbehaving even after a week(all laugh a lot)” Celia(bit concerned) : “that’s exactly why I don’t see why people exhort them so much even Mr Jerry..he and Blaine they are single they spend whole day with the brats ok and both are extremely good trainers and Brawn is stable fundamentally but not reflectively(all burst into laughter)..hence can’t control emotions properly(all laugh a lot) and Flint and Zia no matter their relationship their home itself is the reservation along with several other people all in profession that they make their poor children forcefully nourish and the youngest is 12 now and when their relation is off the only difference is () kilometers 24/7 contact not with the other but with the two reservations as is the case when they are on just that Zia spends half an hour per day namecalling her husband for his infatuation in order to teach the poor prisoners of care and after the namecalling Flint points out the fallacies then asks her if he is right and this is whole package is named as Boulder(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for THUS OH BOULDER HAS COME THE LEADING ROCK/HAIL DASHING DOCTOR BROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)” Lillie(laughing) : “um yeah they are calibrated by quotient rather than the remainder of polarizing decision divided by viable revision hence is immune to but irritated with ontological confusion(all burst into laughter,cheers for LILLIE FLOWER,..)” Celia(a bit worried) : “anyway Lil keep well and far away from those brats no matter your interests(all laugh a lot)..” Lillie(smile) : “it’s ok mom even if i’m it will be professional only don’t worry(all laugh a lot,Cuong cheers for YEARS GO BY/WORKING FOR ME OR MY/THE LATER ENTAILS THE FORMER AS THAT IS WHAT RECREATES ITSELF AND THE VISEVERSA FOR IT TO SAY YOU’RE MY/THUS IN ESSENCE AS THE WORK IS UNNECESSARY TO THE NECESSITY SAY HALLOW NEVER HI,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Seth cheers for,OH NOW MY DEPOSITED OAK!BUT NOW AS I WANT THE FULL AMOUNT IN RETURN THE ONLY POINT OF INTEREST IS THE TERMS OF SUDDEN AND CIRCUMSPECTIVE CHANGES BUT OH WHY IS IT NOT CALLED EXPOSITED OAK!,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Gary shakes his head laughing)”
..................................
..................................
...(Tantrum calls Celia from Bosangria gym’s number)..
Celia(angry) : “how the hell have you got my personal number huh(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “calm down Mr Waterflower it's a profession(all un..)..any disambiguation required for the targeted noun(all un..)” Celia(very angry) : “because you presume i’ve forgotten it huh you..(all laugh a lot,cheers for DAISYDAISYL,Gary,Genkai cheers for OH GLORIOUS!NO I WON’T GIVE IN YES I WON’T GIVE IN TILL I TRACE DOWN THE ETERNAL SCAT!YES I’LL DO,NO I’LL DO TO ACHIEVE IT WHATEVER CONCENTRATION IS A MUST!,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong and Seth cheers for,OH MY DEAR DASE LOOK NOT THROUGH BUT AT THE RELATIVITY! AS I’M THE TRACEY OF MENTAL PROXIMITY,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing a lot)”..” Mallow(fits of laughter) : “man jackal can hardly talk now even like I’M THE JACKAL OF NEUTRALITY(all unc..,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Tracey(laughing) : “atleast my beau didn’t say like,I’M THE EMOTION ONLY IN REFLECTIVITY(all unc..,..)” Daisy(fits of laughter) : “a few days ago Azlie asked him dad in school we were told how anger is dissipated if one can separate the self from it because there’s always a reason behind it they said..then Jas added thus we were taught not delve in the reason rather cogitate something else,told them(laugh)..indeed my dears but while doing so don’t focus on the reason of anger focus on the process rather of its cessation that you want it to dissipate that’s your instantaneous HUNGER(all burst into laughter,Cuong and Seth cheers for AS I’M FOCUS OF SERENDIPITY,all unc..,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing)..” Tracey(laughing) : “yeah atleast unlike you and your eldest twin didn’t add professionally monitoring personally countering(all burst into laughter,Seth,Gary and Cuong uncontrollably laugh)..” Gary(laughing) : “well once Caspy asked me why is Trace uncle always so calm with Dase aunty at room unlike mom and dad but all four are much similar in all other respects(all laugh a lot,Violet burst into laughter,Tracey and Daisy cheers for BOULDER!BOULDER!,..,Brock shakes his head laughing),I said unlike your dad he realizes to be ever agitated or peaceful he requires himself to be rather the index of lasting not the thumb(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..AS PROFESSIONALLY I’M THE TRACEY OF MUTUALITY(all unc..,..,Tracey shakes his head laughing a lot)..” Brock(laugh) : “and thus is spoiling my sons along with just imagine this as an introduction to duality like Lillie flower(all laugh a lot)..” Lillie(laughing) : “well Gili infact asked me why Gary uncle is always so thoughtful unlike(laughing)..Ash uncle(all burst into laughter,Ash uncontrollably laughs in tears laughing,..)..I said because unlike him Ash attributes his thoughts more reflectively in feelings and less optically in their labeled sealing(all burst into laughter,Gary and Ash uncontrollably laugh,Cuong and Seth cheers for,DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST UNDERSTAND THIS POINT/THAT THIS ASSEMBLY OF PERSONS NO MATTER WHY IS ONLY THE SECLUSIVE IDEA SAYING IT FEELS TO BE JOINT,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” Violet(laughing a lot) : “and I was asked why Stashey uncle tells us that’s his form his name is actually Randy twinkle(all burst into laughter,.s a lot,..,cheers for THE VULTURE FRONTIER) what does he mean(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for THE MEANING)..I said it means he’s more accustomed to prospectives of vanity not suited to condensation of it’s directional sanity(all burst into laughter,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,.controllably laughs in tears laughing,..) in one word when you grow up you’ll read a piece of article,’ego : the bankruptcy of honesty’(all un..,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM) then they said that’s my little brat and his two sisters um..is this one of the written documents what Margin uncle tells people to understand what he says um..countering(all burst into laughter)..this was Jas and Azlie said,no Jas you didn’t understand him Blithie aunty said what he meant is that what one means is not what he understands but why he understands the language should be thus(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for MR MAXIM RIGHT,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..yeah certainly(all laugh a lot)..then Caspy said mom mom isn’t this internal dilemma as dad tells you always doesn’t go unless you can feel it not it’s value(all burst into laughter,Genkai,Cuong,Seth and Gary cheers for,DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST ANNOTATE THE RIGHT THING/WHAT YOU WANT TO UNDERSTAND ANYTHING INCLUDING YOU,IF YOU WEREN’T YOURSELF YOU WOULD BE WHAT IS NOW YOU FEEL TO BE A BEING/WHICH IS WHAT IS NOW SEPARATE THUS YOU CAN SAY YOURSELF BEING NOT SUBJECT TO THIS RING/OF SELF VALIDATION BY MEANS OF YOUR FEELINGS BUT WHILE FEELING THEM DON’T YOU FEEL YOURSELF TO BE EXISTENTIALLY SINGING THE CONSCIOUS SING,all uncontrollably laugh,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)..then I said this next time just when your dad wakes up whine to him to tell a tale,’action : the liquidation of certainty’(all unc..,..)” Daisy(laugh) : “and Rhy asked me why doesn’t Mallow aunty sing along with Seth uncle when they are together(all laugh a lot,..)..I said,it’s because she’s more matured in dividing knowledge with nominals not bordering the disorientation of subjectivity unless it’s phenomenal(all burst into laughter) and this is explained in a paper by Margin uncle and Blithie aunty together,’freedom : analyzing the limitations of boredom’(all unc..,..,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for MR PRISTINE SMITE,all unc..,..)..yeah absolutely by all means(all laugh a lot)..” Mallow(laughing a lot) : “and I was asked by Olymp(laugh)..aunty aunty what does retrospective squirehood in tacit not referable analogous connotation mean that Lixue aunty was saying(all un..,..),I said you’re too little now my dolls when you grow up you’ll read this article,’knowledge : the emancipation of confidence’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..yeah that is the only thing they are learning most thoroughly thankfully not with 330 brats who already knows they aren’t as a fact that their masters cogitate over not subscribe as their very own existential cover(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for CIVILIZATION)” Nirja(laugh) : “well I was only asked by all all together that why me,Lixue,Raki,Ash and Stashey don’t behave as they’re taught(all unc..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash and ...,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..I said well this Incie says the best being our last met mate,Oh compeers you now have..that colourful feel/to be not you...discolouring which you think you will know you aren’t but have already had the heal(all unc..,..)/i come from existentially coloured place/dark is that with conscious fire that unless I discolour myself not being me but you i’m in a dual mess(all burst into laughter)/hence i’m now standing tall/to be you being not you thus you will have to fall(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..yeah weren't we logical Mr Skechit rhyming with Mesprit(all laugh a lot)..” Tracey(laugh) : “atleast don’t introduce them to tax defaulter association subscription rise protagonist Hatterenes already(all laugh a lot,Genkai,Cuong and Seth uncontrollably laugh,..)..that brat last time said like exactly in the same rhyme,forever going on..till I die/after that who tells now..only i’m my(all un..,..)/while living hence..to thee and thy/as i’m also same..ever hallow not hi(all unc..,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..yeah that’s the only reason(all laugh a lot)..” Lixue(laughing) : “nebulously(all laugh a lot)..anyway this restarts(all laugh)..
Tantrum : “I assume you consider me to be mentally syllabicating not rationally gyrating..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Celia(scowl) : “why have you called..”
Tantrum : “in all due honesty you’re in your last bed PHYSICALLY(all burst into laughter) only serendipities can keep you away from Mrs Waterflower’s plane(all laugh a lot) am I wrong..”
Celia(frown) : “how do you know this..”
Tantrum : “cause the VULTURES has to know it consciously no matter its existential representation don’t they countering(all unc..,..)”
Celia(scowl) : “if I call the Police now(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “you will only prove to them that you didn’t allow me to finish despite seeing our backyard for these many years how(all laugh a lot)..but i’ll be penalized along with you not in subtle being the difference only(all laugh..) cause I didn’t let the vultures ask you why you think you’re not despite knowing not how(all burst..,..)” Celia(frown) : “say what you were..”
Tantrum : “you will keep this unto you and your wife then only(all laugh a lot)..” Celia(scowl) : “move it(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “you know the names let me tell you THE LOGICAL GAMES(all laugh a lot,Brock shakes his head laughing)..i’ve never spoken with Ms Daisy Waterflower before today only Ms Violet and heard Ms Mity Waterflower only today Ms Lillie Waterflower before..i’ve known Ms Violet throughly as long as you do consciously(all laugh a lot)..I can tell you from their orientations they will not be single beyond 6 years from now and also the fact that that their relations will be perpendicularly projected upon the light of kerosene(all burst,..) but orthogonally rejected by me and our idea of Jubilee(all laugh a lot) thus what I ask is that what is the assurance of fragility of their sanity(all burst into laughter)”
Celia(shout,crying,very angry,dejected) : “YOU b..!..in my last bed i’ll have to explain you this huh!you..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..(a bit concerned suddenly)..hang on a second(all laugh a lot,Violet cheers for THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all burst into laughter,..)..um..”
Tantrum : “the only reason you failed along with your dad-in-law(all laugh a lot) is that this profession requires only HUMANS not their EMOTIONS(all laugh a lot)..the same reason why Violet is who she is..you’re inseparable to them THE EMOTIONS(all burst into laughter) they are only representing your generational systems cause they’re five in versions(all burst..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..WATERFIRE,all the Waterflower sisters un..)..OH I COULD FEEL IT COME IT'S IN THE CONSCIOUSNESS THERE RIGHT..THUS IS EXISTENTIALLY RIGHT..OH VULTURES SAY MIGHT(all un..)/AND I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT FOR ALL ME LIFE..OH RIGHT..OH VULTURES DEFINE FORESIGHT(all un..)/CAN YOU FEEL IT HERE IT'S JUST IN THE AIR HERE JUST SIGHT..OH GOT IT ALL RIGHT..PAST OH VULTURES TAKE FLIGHT(all un..)..hence this question is in your interest too you see countering(all laugh shaking their heads)..any appreciation of paradoxes noticed(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)..”
Celia(broad smile,relief) : “I won’t be separate now either Stashey your uncle the same that’s the same with them too..”
Tantrum : “projectively(Celia laughs a lot)..(all burst into laughter)..now coming to know about this as a fact is a thing that was ensured recently to me by your only ghost Inteleon,pseudo of legend the possibilities..shh..,MADDENING(all unc..,..),you know I remember many years back when I was of your wife’s age(all laugh a lot,..) I once thought that I am(all laugh a lot,cheers for IN PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS)..as soon as I thought this I tell you you know I saw them I heard them I realized them I assimilated them I became them cause I could FEEL them(all laugh a lot,Violet cheers for VULTURE’S TOKEN,all unc..,..)..so irresistible were they Mr Waterflower that you couldn’t help it but to know them again though you already do(all laugh a lot)..so I asked them why aren’t you just me(all laugh a lot),they said it’s your desire being to be free/understanding which being implausible unless as well as also when dually expressed you want to reflect it being away from your mental sanity(all un..,..)/thus you are seeking to be something despite being me/hence cut this morpheme of trying to be that which can never be(all laugh a lot),but then I saw when they wanted to be or not they were perfectly aware of the fact that they didn’t like either(all unc..,..),then I said what is this life if death is now here/you can’t die at all cause life isn’t fair(all burst into laughter)/what is this space if it’s only relatively dark or fair/you can’t say it to be beautiful unless you know for it beauty never cared(all un..,..),anyway as I said suddenly I saw something whipping me(all un..,..),then I wanted to look back but rather it did itself(all burst,..),then it asked,thus knowing this ideology of me and my/you will remain detached from it saying why not why(all laugh a lot)..but then I saw it had to understand itself to be stable first to be detached(all laugh..) which is couldn’t unless me and my was so which obviously wasn’t as the vultures said it was just saying why am I not you but not me(all laugh..),thus I said,what is this reasoning if it has to create a shell/of happiness which if it gets it can’t help but to entail(all laugh..)/what is the use of being and not being/knowing these no matter what I can’t help but to be COUNTERING(all laugh..,cheers for COUNTERING)..then I was born eventually cause I thought I could counter(all laugh..),hence when I saw your Inteleon I asked do you recognize me(all laugh..),he said ofcourse being when I was engaged in my after dinner stroll around emotions(all laugh..) I recalled I wasn’t hungry yet I liked the taste of the food(all un..,..) then I recalled but I didn’t like the taste of the raw ingredients there must be something afoot(all laugh..),then I saw you coming across relativity jaded,tired,harrowed by the lack of coalition between hunger and it’s meaning(all un..,..)..so I asked you are you particular being are you particular..existentially I mean(all un..,..),you didn’t say anything then thus I was offended thus this time didn’t ask but you yourself gave this as your answer in terms of your consciousness(all un..,..)..”
Celia(laughing a lot) : “yeah Lil smuggled poor Intellie away from me then eventually went from Cinnabar cause she’s too intrigued by professional advancements theres in terms of personalities(all laugh a lot)..now I understand it’s implausible that she won’t be so(all laugh)”
Tantrum : “THUNDURUS!(all burst..)..hence this idea of death you see Mr Waterflower is too boring to cogitate(all laugh a lot) whereas for your daughters life is an idea too unreal to annotate..countering(all laugh a lot)..Mrs Violet Slate,Mrs Lillie Oak,Mrs Poppy Kethum and Mrs Mallow Ketchum maintaining same order and the other I can’t immediately say but will be our or any of her sisters’ or brother-in-laws’ travel companion in this profession..the ground upon which perfection rules to validate both..PATIENCE!PERSISTENCE!PERSEVERANCE!..attached absolutely detached personally..countering(all burst into laughter,Tracey cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,all unc..,..)..any intellectual rigours methodically neglected(all un..)”
Celia(broad smile) : “you relieved me honey just that..I don’t want to be emotional cause I know what you said doctors told me but I don’t know how you came to know I don’t want to either it’s just that I wish I could see Mallow getting started but that will be too long so was a bit dejected it’s ok but it’ll be..”
Tantrum : “well if I say i’ll take care of it it’ll be a blasphemy of conscience..countering(all unc..,..)” Celia(laughing) : “yeah your vultures should rather countering(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “Marginal indeed always the idea of irritation never assured to be absolute thus ever ever relative seeing this so comes peace if further analyzed fertility that’s existential Blythe(all laugh a lot)/consciously knowing it to be against being itself thus validating both none cogitates further in gross too Mr MORPHEME SCYTHE(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,.controllably laugh,..)..(Celia uncontrollably laughs,..)” Celia(laughing a lot) : “man God bless Team Skull pursuers(all laugh a lot)..just wish the eldest brat was also known to me now(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for,OH MY DEAR PLANE AGNOSTIC FAMILY..SEE YOUR VERY OWN VANITY/RECALL MY PROFESSION..I’M THE JACKAL OF FAMILIARITY,all un..,Tracey too unc..,..)..” Brock(fits of laughter) : “man there’s no way he will be able to continue now anywhere(all burst into laughter,..)..” Tracey(laughing a lot) : “atleast I didn’t add unless I feel being nowhere(all burst into laughter,..)” Genkai(laughing) : “CAUSE I’M THE FOX OF MODALITY(all un..,..)..anyway this restarts still(all laugh)..
but I can realize who he has to be to in this group I know Brock very well through his parents ofcourse(all laugh a lot,cheers for BOULDER!BOULDER!,Brock shakes his head laughing)..but surely you can explain the best(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “OH EXISTENCE SAY YOU’RE NOT ME OH CONSCIOUSNESS SAY THAT I’M ME/THUS LET THEM BE THEM ALWAYS FEELING IT TO BE SO WOULD YOU STILL YOURSELF ALONE BE(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)..”
Celia(laughing) : “yes most certainly(all laugh a lot)..but just a small thing dear how did you..” Tantrum : “I can tell you about it later if you agree with serendipities..” Celia(a bit confused) : “um..you mean the treatment and um..like it’s all wrong..” Tantrum : “you see Mr Waterflower i’m calling you from Logging Road,CERULEAN..CERULEAN!CERULEAN!CERULEAN!(all laugh a lot)..this is my first visit here PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..these boys know me it’s the number of one of them isn’t it ‘mam existentially(all laugh a lot)..” A Female Police(talking in phone) : “yeah also consciously(all laugh a lot)..anyway ‘mam no don’t have any suspicions over any collusion that wasn’t found despite extensive search by whole 11 city HQ in their own jurisdiction with their own team  that’s been in place since the offshoot since the Yellowburst dossier itself 4 years back(all laugh a lot) it’s same as Mr Dion Oak’s disappearance from objectivity as i’m told to explain(all laugh a lot)..and no at that time too this you do know too that their was tremendous pressure exerted upon us to do things rightly cause we were threatened by established of dragon population here in the wild and the threat was that none of the existing one’s will leave but grow not proportionately but exponentially gradually wiping out general population from each city barring a huge city alone where all would stay that is Frucifern with only one general pokemon gym no categories(all laugh a lot)..this was one of the conjectures in the first paper published by Charlie Doldrum as you may remember ‘determination : an in depth view on the relief of action’(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..so we understood their patience is about to run out after years of severe agony and devastation they’ve so far tolerated from the whole world and now is about to protest but we realized they’re only being disturbed by us with the question of the meaning of FIGHTING(all laugh a lot,cheers for SOCIETY)..Pallet Police confirmed us that Mr Ingemar has been publishing such papers mentally each day since he turned 14 when a certain Jangomo-O came to be reported existing in concrete(all laugh a lot)..and his actual master is still shrouded in mystery even then was mentally now even physically(all laugh a lot,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON)..and we knew except for the obvious pokemon who were the actual ones he projected away from schools while being there(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A CRITICALLY PROFESSIONAL TRYRANTUM,all burst into laughter)..so anyway we carried out extensive searches and found there wasn’t anything suspicious thus only at that time you might’ve been much discomforted by our actions cause we didn’t have a choice(all laugh a lot,cheers for SO HEAR YOU OWN MADDENING VOICE/YOUR SANITY OF BEING HAS BECOME OUR CHOICE/IT’S TIME TO REDISTRIBUTE IT..)..this time it is the same the doctors can’t understand it as Mr Tantrum says that his backyard suggests is a trouble escalating to enormous proportions all due to the obvious relations doctors(all laugh a lot)..and this they say is pure conceit where they can’t understand that they are not them but them yet treat people as them(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..your problem is similar to Mr Waterflower’s problems it happens suddenly as you know your daughters are immune to it cause it’s very rare that the same disease can take that form which in your case it is claimed by Mr Tantrum along with Mr Facepalm and Mr Phantom to have been all exaggerated solely by the purest ego of the relations doctors which they themselves know to be an issue ill-formed dually unless they hanker for only to revolt against inaction inexistent dually(all laugh a lot) and yes this is supported by Mr Doldrum too..thus we propose that you agree to a thorough checkup at Bosangria () Hospital run by people who are trustworthy not in existence ironically(all laugh a lot)..and this is a good Hospital but recently they claim that they’ve been granted a tremendous fortune by the Bosangria City Police(all burst into laughter,cheers for LASTLY A CRITICALLY PROFESSIONAL TRYRANTUM)..the reason is a recent case there which no relation doctors present there could’ve discerned except an insignificant among the students of their very own Mr Neil Zyko who only said that their teachers couldn’t discern it cause they were brimming with affection not mixed in emancipation of being..um yeah countering(all burst into laughter)..hence this comes as recognition and appreciation from the Police cause they were involved there in this matter(all laugh a lot)..this facilitates the hospital to be all encompassing with two different blocks one exclusively for mental issues including pokemon relation doctors another the general one this one will be the new one and no it’s already prepared(all laugh a lot)..cause it is done by sharing the management with Bosangria () hospital who constructed a building near the existing building of () hospital only to rival it now showing how compassion can melt the hardest rock of emotion..countering(all burst into laughter)..thus only this hopital received the donation cause their doctors abided by a mere student superseding their instructors showing their lack of ego and overbearing compassion..mentally that is as they said how that moment meant to them(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for,only cause validated as,DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST UNDERSTAND YOUR MIND AND THOUGHT/IF THEY ARE NOT TOGETHER THEN ONLY YOU THINK that you’re separate from them at a clinic but this feeling is only from the thoughtful naught,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for,PETWER HAIL..HAS COME THE DASHING ROCK,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)..and finally the disagreements that the two hospital authorities and shareholders had has been rather shared among them(all unc..,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR) thus they’ve realized that only mutual understanding and lack of ego is the best way to increase disagreement by means of fighting without a thing..mentally that is(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CIVILIZATION)..and this proposal if you accept you shouldn't take any further medicines and wish to see a certain Mr Zed Ketchum calling the Cerulean Felicia's Restaurant(Celia laughs..lot)..(all burst..) where he's a junior cook and a worker he can handle the situation best but you can't call him directly as he's known universally as we know countering(all un..,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..SOCIETY,all un..)..but it’s advised to you that you don’t tell the background of it discretely to your daughters that is only Ms Daisy cause i’m told she is experimenting herself not signing but understanding herself being a human(all burst into laughter,..)” Celia(laugh) : “yeah i’ve understood the reason for my resistance to be absolutely validated now and the lab’s indifference too till now(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for WATERFIRE,..)..and Guzzle Humdrum's gobbling of copyrights,all laugh..lot)..also all of us know about the present of Alias Ketchum too as long as first and last in lexicon starts with saying it's true(all burst..)..yeah there’s nothing to disagree to it as you you said best said of my possible dissent as(all laugh a lot,cheers for LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)..” Tantrum : “’dissent : the rebuttal of honesty’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheers for,extracted from,DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST PICK UP THE RIGHT FEEL/WHILE YOU’RE CHOOSING ONE FROM ALL ISN’T ONE ALREADY DITURBING YOUR ALL ENCOMPASSING ZEAL,all unc..,..,cheers for HENCE JUST EAT THIS DASHING MEAL,..,Brock hides his face laughing a lot)”
..................................
(Ingemar and Blythe has been out of Team Skull's captivation but has been detained at Kalos Elite4)
Humberto(frown) : no your defenses are not sound enough Mr Ingemar and Ms Blythe..there is no evidence that you weren't involved in the Foasarat Gym Raid..hence we..
Tantrum(coming in the court with a loudspeaker) : "are afraid to be us compeers thus will be you, countering isn't it"(all un..)..why are you in rush to detain me compeers rather than retain me consciously(all un..).."
Humberto(scowl) : so finally Mr Sta.."
Tantrum : "ts,Stats..Mr Statistics Mushroom(all burst..)..anyway nice to meet you sir it's an opportunity indeed to be at the presence of Mr Humberto Rafolrat,7,7,HALL OF FAME,indeed thus i can claim/that what's then in a name countering isn't it rhyming with Togetic(all un..).."
Humberto(frown) : "these words aren't going to apprise.."
Tantrum : "the meaning of the same indeed existence despite self such a vitriol such a diatribe rhymes saw(all un..).."
Humberto(angry) : "i'll see how you escape general government judiciary you scoundrel..yeah Mrs Lufarfos detain this brat without any communications to his eldest bro..and gag him first(all un..)"
(Tantrum doesn't say anything and is gagged)
Mrs Lufarfos(Police Chief,frown,Police push Tantrum) : "get going you..
(Tantrum goes as if in a combat sports if the Police tries to hit him,acts as if defending)..(frustrated)..open his mouth else this(describes) isn't stopping(all un..,Violet..A Primer on Attentive Humdrum,all un..,. un..).."
Tantrum(singing,still walking in same way but around the room) : "follow follow or sight shallow shallow(all un..)/thus the accused says hi not hallow read Ho-Oh(all un..)/Compare all with..what is this right/thus interpret visible duality as the foresight to prove the same add a beside(all un..)/then to come to me to me even if Random still perception says just Phantom(all un..)/thus to perceive be ethically honest said the critique of moral Facepalm(all un..,all cheers for Vagabonds of Morality,Gary,Genkai,Cuong,Seth,Blossom,Lixue,Rakim,Ash,Nirja&Stash..un)/sloth,ego,torpor,useless to be living/thus even if obligation why bother to be receiving says ceasing(all un..)..this was heard in guild on profit of saying Gira Gira Tina(all un..)..
Redzep(Humberto's son was present in audience,too excited) : "as that's the business of countering being to say Prima Rina Rina(all un..)
Tantrum(jumping up..) : "Kommo-O(all un..)! Vultures of pleasure asks oh compeer are you here(all un..).."
Redzep(a bit thoughtful but very excited) : "um..hang on a bit(all un..,Tantrum repeats the lines a few time)..Yes!..Indeed i'm here as action said not there(all un..).."
Tantrum : "thus at no moment can you say then so oh..(all un..).."
Redzep(very excited,coming towards Tantrum) : "um..thus do say welcome to each ever not bye then said the encryption challenge topper Ho-Oh(all un..)"
Tantrum : "But to do that from duality binary Hoopa or Pa Pa(all un..).."
Redzep(excited) : "um..yeah i get it but it's like..like..just.."
Tantrum : "look at the reflections compeer meaningfully countering Hoopa Hoo Hoo(all un..)"
Redzep(very excited,bouncing) : "YES!like..thus ensue oh ensue each moment duality..shoo shoo(all un..)..(a bit confused now)..but um..still the moments are different even if identical(all burst..)"
Samantha(Redzep's elder sister,was present and followed Redzep towards Tantrum but didn't say anything,Samantha is in her first regional journey at Johto but was at the hearing as both she and her little bro too much of nerds of the works done by the Oak Lab,too excited) : "to remove still the difference reality let's only in reflection peek-a-boo(all un..)"
Tantrum : "thus the illusion will ever oppose to do(all un..)"
Samantha and Redzep(unison,very happy) : "but as it's the reflection reality only refers to to(all un..)"
Tantrum : "Hoopa pa pa pa pa pa pa Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo.."
Samantha(very happy) : "that's the unification of difference indifferent meaning shoo shoo(all un..).."
Tantrum : "Staka Taka Taka Taka..Staka Taka(all laugh..lot).."
Samantha(very happy) : "why don't you sing too dad surely you understand what he's saying(all un..,..MASTER BRAT)..the darkness of fiction that's the ghost of psychic(all un..)/thus the steel of the honest look the rocking of intellectual tactics(all un..,..THE FEELING,all un..,Brock too un..)"
Tantrum : "Gla Gla Lie lie lie lie lie Ga lil E E LI lie(all un..).."
Samantha(a bit thoughtful) : "um..thus the perseverance of frozen..(a bit thoughtful)..but still it's rather like water to adjust to the shape of reaction not the volume of it's application(all un..)..so um..(a bit happy)..yeah i get it..thus the perseverance of frozen concentration on dynamic synopsis(all un..).."
Tantrum : "Luna Luna Luna Luna Solga Ga Leo.."
Samantha(smile) : "the duality is present only solo solo(all burst..).."
Redzep(excited) : "but that's only cause your beau is still one amongst the uniqueness of yourself the expected shadow of hollow(all un..)"
Tantrum : "thus the void of unison..of any things real.."
..(both Samantha and Redzep are a bit confused)..
Blythe(laughing..lot) : "is the fight of the presence on dual dual(all un..,Gary..Stash..MR DEFINE MIGHT,all un..)"
Tantrum : "way to go Charlie,the doldrum of happenings are just in the line/of the conditions elusive to dual reason thus only illusion's fight of maxim..(Ingemar and Blythe un..)..(all un..).."
Redzep(excited) : "yeah that's why i told you Manthie if someone asks you how are you doing it is so just to begin the reflections on the logical endurance of difference to test it(all un..)"
Samantha(thoughtful) : "ofcourse that's why they always expect me to be and me to realize that it's a question rather than a presumption(all un..).."
Humberto(scowl) : "right enough of entertainment(all laugh..lot)"
Police : "right let's go we'll settle it there(all un..)"
Humberto(frown) : "yeah that's ethical morality indeed(all burst..).."
Tantrum : "Examples : the examination of conscience(all un..)"
Ingemar(straight) : "but that's just the rhythm itself compeers surely you know if you're sanctioned in your mind that you have one you have to entertain it's taxes to keep it to yourself intuitively never possibly confined(all un..)"
Tantrum : "that's,'Solution : the chemistry of duration'(all un..)"
...(later in captivation,Tantrum and Humberto)...
Humberto(frown) : "listen this isn't.."
Tantrum : "well i came here cause i was asked if i knew a Mr Charlie Doldrum which i did thus the expenses were paid by you only thus i booked a business class any ethical standards breached(all burst..)"
Humberto(frown) : "you're under 17 still legally(all laugh..lot).."
Tantrum : "that's what i told them honestly they couldn't refute me only their statistics which claims itself restricted to it's self announced question of generality not specificity morally(all un..,..DERELICTS OF HONESTY,all un..)..besides Mr Doldrum is way behind schedule now given your insistence on us starting our journey in time surely you understand the repercussions if propriety ain't met(all laugh..lot)"
Humberto(frown) : "there's a proper process..(all laugh.lot).."
Tantrum : "of engineering compeer indeed,engineering : the tricks of conformance,countering(all un..)"
Humberto(very angry) : "i'll see how you respond to general judiciary now.."
..................................
(Tantrum is brought to Judiciary)
Judge : "welcome Mr Sta.."
Tantrum : "objection do you want me to confess it or witness it,countering(all un..)"
Judge(frown) : "i see..you understand this is general judiciary here none can save you or your gang(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "yeah right..yeah thanks..no no need to guard me here i shouldn't leave this place cause if i do this place will tell me welcome compeer,countering(all un..)..besides reverend Sir many times i thought why i wasn't dying due to any reason but i realized that i can't actually die cause in death only the pain remains no memory nothing else this whole snapshot of emotions is erased from my memory just the pain but that doesn't end only increases HUSH! that's lexicon and tense death what a shame who will only turn back towards the living through the essence saying i meant countering but why would you ask compeer the vultures no matter starving to death look are so patient,countering(all un..)..thus it's strange why you think i'm now cause in reality i am just recent,countering logical identity thus never provably only systematically decent(all un..) but what should be added Sir reflection or refraction if i am to express that in terms of reality it's truly the intuition of being rummaging through it's goal in order to tell oneness that it's so decent,countering(all un..)..hence you know this light always reflect my shadow i found whereas darkness is ever with me everywhere just like the remainder with a quotient,just to BE that is countering itself or ME countering how to be,countering plausibility expressed as if you already are why aren't you just me,countering(all un..)
YOU are the shadow of MY doubts(all un..)/to be you cause of the optics of my logical bouts(all un..)/thus i'm the reflection of my in me the sprout(all un..)/thus to be really why bother about it itself but not the counter of it that's what isn't the route(all un..)..thus you see Sir i really want to be Sir i really do but just as i think it says countering but why would you ask compeers why would want to be true if you are asking for validation to start with why(all un..)..oh try try try try ask how to try/to be dual in real countering vultures fly(all un..)/thus the validation of being is to be so/try to be that Oh real vultures row(all un..)..oh I I I Reality/Oh I did you notice reliability(all un..)/Oh I I I consideration/oh I did you observe conviction(all un..)..thus what you see here oh my reverend honoured/is the doldrum of morpheme in self through consciousness as existence debarred(all un..)/thus to be stable is in intuition why/attention greets mind but the honesty as desire and also honesty of desire adds hallow not hi(all un..)..thus personality say welcome not bye/to the specific profession of being generality thus hallow not hi(all un..)/thus losing self in ego is the bar/but once it's done alas then dual vultures spar(all un..)/if it's not done then they also char/the intuition of being as recurrence alas anything dual mathematics mar(all un..)/thus trapped everywhere just to spiritually hush/if it's even present there as the meaning crowns duality why not enjoy the real vultures rush(all un..)..The Frontier of Darkness is the truth/cause then you have an irritation or tickling but unlike lights optics of faith halts it from being dual thus it's ever smooth(all un..,..TICKLE MASTERY,all un..)/hence the reality of real is the i/try to know it real vultures asks duality why(all un..)..any insecurity of tense veiled by spatial strategy of presence(all un..,Brock and Violet..MASTER BRAT,all un..,. un..)"
Judge(frown) : "yeah i can understand the honesty too Mr Tantrum double edged if not infinite go on it's useless to keep the suspense when it's going to be there in duality anyway as real countering(all un..)"
Tantrum : "countering : the hurrah of sanity(all un..)"
..(later Tantrum still in captivation with Ingemar and Blythe but they have been kept at separate places now Redzep and Samantha goes to meet him)..
Redzep(excited) : "hallow Mr Tantrum can i ask you about regeneration of cognitive disclaimer to comprehension(all un..)"
Tantrum : "well i can only tell you what i mean by my perceptions no more(all un..)"
Samantha(thoughtful) : "no he meant disclaimer to comprehension but not from the basis of decision but from the base of appreciation(all un..)"
Tantrum : "i guess you want to ask for it's foundation whereas the young one wants to know it's explanation that's the same difference between actual introduction and realistic notification(all un..).."
Redzep(excited) : "um..yeah but i believe it's useless to ask questions to you only the meanings cause that's what you deal with as we've been reading all these years(all laugh..lot)"
Samantha(thoughtful) : "no not years but problem's referential steers(all un..)"
Tantrum : "only if there's resolution thus for vitality so much fear(all un..)..but if there's a thing be it any what's the need for it to be validated cause it's intrinsically only being just to be mere,countering(all un..)..but you know i remember other times compeers many cosmologies back just as you perceptually went and recurrently came back(all un..) i was in this similar situation to yours i was interred as one of the suspects in a construction scam so i went to this prison where people expected me to be guilty so i realized i can never actually be guilty cause i can't be fair,countering(all un..),so i was relieved of the pressure of sanity that this is a prison this is a prison rather i thought ok this is a prison,countering(all un..) anyway then after some days there some people asked me you fight being you fight(all laugh..lot),i said ofcourse to know what it is just like you countering what we can do before we can mean strangely but why would you ask(all un..) then they complained to the authority there that either i'm paroled or shot dead the very next day i was violating their right of opportunity to do something live or die(all un..) so they gave me a gun i took it and shot myself but before shooting i was a relation between self and ego afterwards i found myself to be the pivot element of justification in the matrix of so,countering(all un..) then just after you asked me this question on what is to be done to be real so i thought alright why don't they start like me by being dual,reflecting being moral not countering being only ethical dishonestly though as in honesty it will be known that you can't be either dual or real thus the illusion of self will be the ego's philosophical mural-THE MOST CAPTIVATING countering though(all un..,Violet..THE VULTURE FRONTIER,all un..,. un..)..but do you read novels compeers..shh..so experimental#.."


..................................


..................................
(Cuneyt recording Phantom at the crematory after meeting with Gollie and Tommy they studied with him in same class then dropped out,he came to know about their meeting with Phantom via mutual familiarities after Kumaglak and all met him first time,Cuneyt doesn't know Kumaglak,Cuneyt is Yumn's boyfriend whose father is Devon but he never told much about Phantom and else to her cause she herself knows too much about them as she's been an avid follower of their works since the beginning)
Phantom(roaming around) : "Student Student dent dent dent Stu Stu Stu how dent dent(all un..)/unless it's the spectre of present next moment no matter tree but revenant(all un..,..THE ART OF VISION,all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na tion tion tion ci ci na/that i can't do this physically thus i'm doing mentally welcome conceptual eidolon(all un..)/hunger thirst pain accident trepidation is now here no more notion/do now do now do now now no matter how spiritual apparition(all un..)/thus when spirituality comes in drive out the fear of being it's so right/but then it tells that it's now here alas welcoming attentive wraith(all un..)"
Cuneyt(a bit concerned) : "um..excuse me.."
Phantom : "alas the phantom(all un..).."
Cuneyt(bit scared) : "um..no i'm a human(all un..)"
Phantom : "phantom phantom phantom look asks you what's the hue of a man or not man(all un..)/but when it is asked never says if it is said or did it just itself spiritually supplant(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na tion tion/look hi my dear it's you and me alas the mention stops look phantom(all un..)/when mind wants to waste the vision of being as it's clouded by action/inaction subdues physique but that's just the potential of being welcome phantom(all un..)/thus mind now is devastated in illusion memory asks how to get rid of this but being says look intellectual phantom(all un..)"
Cuneyt(scared,coming out of a bush) : "um..no why would you incur this horrendously stupid pain upon yourself(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "the leaches that got stuck to your physique treats it as theirs..no more hi but hallow WHAT'S MINE else hallow phantom(all un..)..emotional,spiritual,intellectual smartness/try to practice them alas welcome the phantom of existence(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na tion tion tion/consciousness said look you're my son that's just me gone to a referentially random yet differential Phantom(all un..,..LASTLY A RANDOM PHANTOM,all un..)..thus this duality of playing with illusion isn't critical unless a professional phantom(all un..)..thus hear sanity of difference boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo/read Hoopa Pa Pa Hoo Hoo Hoo reality no duality thus not against any caution self to self peek-a-boo(all un..,..TICKLE MASTERY,all un..)"
Cuneyt(trying to get rid of the insects and leaches) : "um..yeah but um..i have come prepared for these but not these many(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "thus when memory is not working desires says go downhill/same thing says look uphill but self is afraid ego here as it's in between them the shadow of the conscious phantom(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na said the traffic gurad Trevenant(all un..)/when i died in an accident of situation(all un..) he said i was there as the notified phantom of reference the recurrent pendulum(all un..,..THE VISION,all un..)/trapped inside being afraid of me outside seeing thee/thus waiting for the glee to be dually thus illusion reveal the bliss but in full thus phantom(all un..,..THE DARKENED ONES,Seth and Mallow un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na causation/look you've caused your self to be self surprising asks but that's the moral phantom(all un..)"
Cuneyt(finally got rid of the insects,still scared) : "um..are you..um..being tortured by um..like..um..metaphysics(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"
Phantom : "the meaning compeer..the existence thus consciously the phantom(all un..)..but it's a risk Sir a big risk in gross too to come here at this time cause none does come here this deep into the grounds these days from 23:15 to 3:45 as you know they had to keep these grounds going cause of the certain classes of people in much financial or physical difficulties but in general it serves them well for the control of the things that they do..it's a small place only half a kilometer radius and each city has only two crematories and three filling yards so it's not a big place to control per city but why would you come here Sir without asking the controlling authority(all laugh..lot)"
Cuneyt(a bit concerned) : "um..no my girlfriend's Dad is in the judiciary Mr Wolfgang's assistant Mr Devon his brother Mr Dennis..(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "shh..the most honest#..Look-only-At,#,..Oh Backstab now cause it's evident/the logic tells you BANG this is precedent(all un..)/the eyes witness what is there/no doubts at all only mental spare(all un..).."
Cuneyt(a bit concerned) : "um..but look i'm a high school student still how can already know the intricacies of..(all un..)"
Phantom : "Student drink more attentive stew less of what's intellectually prominent(all un..)/cause the later tells you to disturb the silence of the essence of the former the present(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na tion tion judgment of conviction/isn't at all needed if there's reflective mental rendition(all un..)/some said you should learn to next some won't listen gone to efface/to be present amongst the best itself look random(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na tion tion tion tion tion tion/oh my emotionally intelligent where are you among emotion the mental Phantom(all un..)/oh my intellectual intelligence capture this then link with that/where but are you now left among space welcome random(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci ci na tion tion tion/satiation tell them both to act then render that to phantom(all un..)/hallu lu lu ci ci na ci na tion tion tion/action now asks the spiritual intelligent where are you random(all un..)/thus to be dual is what's true amongst all that is to logic dually sum/but while being so if you think you ARE illusion welcome phantom(all un..)"
Cuneyt(confused and concerned) : "um..but i read the forwarded philosophies this is the estranged version which only incurs duality all the more upon the self as if relishing the torture so much knowing it's endless thus the fun in reverse.."
Phantom(thumping..) : "SANDACONDA!(all un..),meaning meaning..distribution/of the meaning synonym orientation/attention now you try relaxation/what did you do no matter the target of verb the self ask alas dictation(all un..)/oh Student Student..destination/or is it just your celebration(all un..)/of the reflection to be you/amongst so many that's not hence you happily count whose whose beau(all un..)"
Cuneyt(a bit confused) : "um..but then.."
Phantom : "that's the answer to your confusion/that ARE you indeed or logical justification(all laugh..lot)/thus when you see yourself at any time/or when you do not listen to your SELF the phantom chime(all un..)"
Cuneyt(smile) : "um..do you not get deluded(all laugh..lot).."
Phantom : "all the time compeer..THE MOST ENGROSSING(all un..,Daisy..LASTLY A PLAYBOY Discerned,Seth un..)"
Cuneyt(a bit thoughtful) : "but um..how do you keep a check on yourself it seems like it's such a force..but(as if getting something suddenly,very happy)..yeah i get it like(bursting into laughter)..oh Student Student intention/are you outside of or in between tensions(all un..)/thus all the time the watching phantom/of implausibility of difference does redemption(all un..)..but(a bit confused)..still it's like this is so hard to be in it but hold on(all un..,..COUNTERING)..like that's why Tantrum says countering(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom(thumping..) : "ZENGESTRONG!(all un..) but what would that moment discuss with you..relationally though not in terms of what is able to be acted upon(all un..)"
Cuneyt(a bit confused) : "um..but um..that is what i thought in the beginning like why incur this pain but um..(a bit surprised as if getting something)..um..yeah(smiling)..yeah i get it personal life by consciousness should be most minute not by existence(all laugh..lot)"
Phantom : "reflection upon you in abstraction of being creation by the soul of the same thus logically subjecting itself to desire's incidence,countering reticence of morphology that's reluctance,countering in essence,countering the patience to be,countering(all un..).."
Cuneyt(laughing..) : "um..yeah i understand you how you use anything to mortify yourself if it's a thing to you no matter what(all laugh..lot)..surely not only upbringing or destiny can bestow this condition unless defined in the dictionary of fighting dragons only the pioneers knew what they meant countering their multitude of reference(all un..)"
Phantom : "the fighting of what isn't specified/thus the fight is really in it so be simplified(all un..)/then the meaning of anything is just to be indeed/hence as it's not so at all unless different indifference don't say only reflect splendid(all un..)"
Cuneyt(very happy) : "um..yeah thanks Mr Phantom i realize how this idea of countering being is so self consuming but you know from a personal point of view i feel very happy not in terms of reflections but conformation to indifference when i'm with my girlfriend and i don't want to know the reverse in there as if it doesn't matter the tangible source only the palpable abstraction but may be that's because of my personal weakness but you among your backyard were the first to talk with the Police along with Mr Tantrum and said how you're not fulfilled dually no matter what and today itself just said and say many times in different forms which i understand is one of your methods of mortification(all laugh..lot) but then your other compeers subsequently gave their own versions but they didn't forward it as a threat only a challenge in case of Mr Hologram and professional intelligence this term was used by Mr Facepalm which isn't possible to do dually given his definition of absorption power of profession(all burst..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all laugh..lot,Lillie un..,Gary shakes..lot)..but for Mr Hologram it's not a challenge to duality which it was if it became real it would've been defeated most soundly thus the challenge is undefined in seeing not being thus is to be met with inflection of being which doesn't at all sound good unless some maniac of actuality pops up(all burst..,Cuong..INCENTIVE OVERDOSE,Poppy un..) just like some like(laughing)..psychos of personality will attempt that sort of professionalism(all burst..,all..LILLIE FLOWER,Gary and Lillie un..) but in your case it's a threat to duality that is you are so ready for a fight despite always fighting like you can't wait to be constantly in a fight knowing the victory or defeat unless ceased though the reference of being is always going to BE continuous so it's as if you can't stand this duality at all hence looking for a fight as if you're truly a Phantom against duality thus nothing apart so these ideas the analysts said about you and still do(all burst..,Daisy..OH ANALYSTS LISTEN TO THE MEANING OF YOUR LOGICAL TOY/THAT THEY ARE JUST TO RENDER NEVER BECOME THE DUAL PLAYBOY,all burst..,Ash un..) surely whichever pops up must be completely headless(all laugh..lot,all..BABY GYARADOS)"
Phantom : "predictably senseless thus no matter duality really will be just ever unstable- abject,countering(all un..,Seth..young flower dream,Mallow un.. ..)"
Cuneyt(laughing..) : "yeah God bless the beneficiaries(all laugh..,..ROCK JACKAL ROCK,all laugh..,Tracey and Brock shake..).."
Phantom : "well the problem is that if anyone isn't me then i can't help but to be thee thus no matter what is done i can't do agnostic to direction but in intensity a thousand times more to be true..to myself that indeed i'm not you thus you are doing something position and person agnostic it may but it's done only to take a cue..that you're indeed your beau that's the other definitely thus looking at this as another the idea of indivisible me..boo,countering(all un..)..thus unless i do you won't go away to the reality that's so true cause then i'll be left out for you self take a cue to be countering(all un..)..any contraption of ego veiled by the logic of decision(all un..).."
Cuneyt(laughing..) : "um..no but are you actually Phantom#.."
A Voice(heard) : "Dum Dum Dum Dum Dum Dum Dum Dum Dum Dum Sum Some Sum/Oh Look oh Looker Next Term PHANTOM..Hallu Lu Lu Ci Ci Na Lastly Lastly/Looker why staying at Definition's Twists and Turns..Phantom Phantom Alas Neigh Looks On Ransom/Hallu Lu Lu Ci Ci Na Ci Ci Na..Oh Cessation..Dum Dum Dum Dum..Dum Dum Dum..Direction to Neigh Oh Phantom.."
Cuneyt(laughing) : "yeah thankfully i as in me don't live at Juritared#..Lastly Phantom,#,.."
..................................
(Vovam goes to Oak Labs)
..................................
Vovam(entrance,excited) : "um..excuse me Sir can you tell me how to take a tour here(all laugh..lot)"
Peniel(nicknamed Penny,thoughtful) : "this question is continually indelible compeer given the constructive definition of space not deductive hence can't be answered psychologically thanks(all un..,Gary..Stash..PINNY MAN)"
Vovam(very excited) : "YES!you must be Mr either Mr Lobtenar or Mr Paseras how can i enter your school what do i need to do what do i require to know(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS).."
Penny(thoughtful) : "only need to be true..attentively in attention though impossible if before that you know you're going also synonymously TOO,countering(all un..)..no 'mam please find someone of your physical form not mine wearing this same badge going through that path inside i'm psychologically unbounded to myself hence can't answer you three times only two welcome never bye..(goes away)..(all un..,..HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,all un..)"
Vovam(a bit bemused,self going where Penny showed her to go) : "um..but he could've said too then added in lexicon not perception cue to disambiguate from the shorter spelling TO why would he not say that yeah let me see my note what if anyone regardless ask this in a Human Resource section of any job interview but if it was me i would've added reflecting not countering(all un..,..CHOICED BRATS)"


in lexicon anonymously cue(add anonymous not analogous with Penny's last line in the very beginning)


..................................
(Perkha Meets Tantrum at a crematory ground)
Tantrum(singing to himself strolling around a crematory) : “ME ME ME ME MEEEEEEEE..MEMEMEME..HO-OH(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..
CAN’T BE EXCEPT THEE THEE THEE THEE THEEEEEEEEE..ISN’T THERE UNLESS MEMEMEME..Oh-Ho(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM,..)
THUS DON’T BE BE BE BE BEEEEEEEE..BODY WON’T GO THUS ASK NOT ONLY FOR HONESTY BUT ADD IN MENTA LITY LITY..HO-OH(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)
SIAD HO-OH OH-HO OH OH-HO OH-HO HO-OH(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..”
Perka(coming out of hideout) : “um..excuse me..(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “correction change the form say may I be excused to no more be confused as to if I was the one seeing this how could this have got me to bemuse(all laugh a lot)..just another turn in the cycle if there’s no reason the best entertainment is ever in being OBTUSE(all laugh a lot) ontologically though(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(a bit concerned) : “um..no I get that(all laugh a lot)..but um..” Tantrum : “either you’re a relational vulture(all laugh a lot) or have a metaphysical ulcer(all laugh a lot) or been trained in this grandeur of emotion as logic thus the dreg of differential culture(all laugh a lot) or just a vagabond of honesty(all uncontrollably laugh,..VAGABONDS OF HONESTY,all un..) looking for that moment never existent due to it’s entailing causality of past and future putting a ridge for present to be known the moment it’s known ALAS it’s another that moment has overridden the previous one yet you’re separate from being indifferentiable to yourself just the same at the advent of that previous moment venturing forth into infinity thus of causality alas the past holds you down from the furthest to the closest of revulsion thus you’re looking to get out of this illusion of being knowing that in all these the journey itself isn’t spatiotemporal cause it’s only sanity’s way for itself to nurture(all burst into laughter)..hence any state of being isn’t of any use due to it never existing without the self contradiction of reality as essence/throughout the whole process causality enthralls you the most when you want more it says thanks for your patience(all burst into laughter,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..” Perkha(solemn) : “so you can’t do anything at all(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “that’s the whole point why there’s a phrase in nature that we call never recall(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Perkha(solemn) : “that’s how by itself sanity will fall isn’t it(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “to be assured of it indeed(all laugh a lot)..you see not male this idea of something is the whole trouble of what’s nothing defines philosophy/what’s not isn’t at all what is doesn’t have to define it to be true says the ontological discography countering(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(solemn) : “whom are you looking at as you talk to me(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “the vultures that don’t want to be(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(solemn) : “thus you contradict yourself I guess” Tantrum : “exactly what I said unless late where’s the haste(all burst into laughter)..” Perkha(solemn) : “thus your own state is this(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “if i’m aware of it against the statehood I have to persist don’t I as would any Darkrai(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for IN-BETWEEN,..)..” Perkha(solemn) : “why are you dragging all in(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “it’s strange you know how duality comes up exactly when you ask yourself to MEAN(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND,..)” Perkha(solemn) : “thus it’s self treachery..”
Tantrum : “effectively(all laugh a lot)..the central theme was the beings who classify themselves as pokemons/i found myself being born amongst them thus only wanted to say hallow to them found out they never have any HUMAN EMOTIONS(all laugh a lot)/thus I was intrigued as to how I can’t be them/eventually found out that was the hindrance absolute to being WOKEN thus curiosity should be about how already being can I again be(all laugh a lot)..this was the thirst though not recognizing which my got mentally broken(all laugh a lot) then you know at this stage one day saw a vulture eating his meal so crucial for him yet I saw his disposition looking around sometimes just to be watchful of dangers instantly I realized of existence his consciousness wasn’t SOAKEN(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for VULTURE DEALER)..”
Perkha(solemn) : “and thus you decided to play with them as you said on your way to hospital from here that even if our car hits a walker it’s only the emotion of the mob not the car in reality not in appearance that might be be BROKEN(all laugh a lot)”
Tantrum : “may be but in gross you’re in a trouble mentally ever existentially never(all laugh a lot)..”
Perkha(solemn) : “whose Phantom(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Gary,Stash and Seth uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits of laughter)”
Tantrum : “whose diseased of having past yet failing to appreciate future being unable to dislodge present represented by emotion physique’s mental ransom(all burst into laughter)”
Perkha(solemn) : “in this form of human(all laugh)..and yeah i asked for Phantom not it's subsections that's the first sort of thoughts to expunge from purity#..Colony Monogram,#,..” Tantrum : “this hue itself the same indeed is what has made you different physically to the suffix yet defined mentally same as a man(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY UNCHARTED,..)” Perkha(a bit dejected) : “um..no today is ok but that day was like so like colourful..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for choiced brats)” Tantrum : “that was Marengo ‘mam I recall now was with Mr Pubu a retired Torkal(all burst into laughter)..you were the one talking that day the most among the convinced ones..in sanity that is(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS SANITY/OH GUZZLE THUS traceability,all un..) unlike what i was doing truly a conscious morbidity(all laugh..lot)..this is Gebmostor Forests FAMOUS for Persians,Passimians,Liepards,Mighteynas and Mineshaos especially(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(a bit thoughtful) : “um..i’m..”
Tantrum: “yeah personal(all laugh a lot)..no it doesn’t matter you know all a way to get accustomed to this magic of what’s not becoming to thus only will fro(all laugh)..”
Perkha(a bit thoughtful) : “um..no not that but you see i’m working at Mutaboras Corporations here as an merchandising inventory manager and also doing the combat sports professionally so yeah I mean I rather need more concentration but after all that took place and then how you deflated all of us who always were after Millie cause she’s the easiest target cause never reacts(all laugh)”
Tantrum : “exactly why she never realized your emotions that this duality you want to ENACT epistemologically though(all laugh a lot)..tell me about your salaries PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..”
Perkha(a bit taken aback) : “um..no that’s ok but why would you ask it in this way(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “cause it’s a dreg of sanity you see to be a being philanthropically(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(bit thoughtful) : “um..no salaries are ok never mentally though as you realize..”
Tantrum : "any kind of contact sport is tough 'mam mentally i mean(all laugh..lot) cause unlike the others it transcends death whereas others only believe their technique is perfect for them to BREATHE,countering their basic knowledge on themselves or how to steed(all un..)"
Perkha(a bit thoughtful) : "um..no i liked doing these in a way given all but um..it also makes good money i'm only in the beginning leagues not gonna make it big time it's just not for me to fit just the money but i like the art of it and try to do best psychologically physically and in terms of the sports as you said i have to else i may not be the next day but that's a trivial matter it's a mood really none gives in but i really feel that no matter attention there's more to it.."
Tantrum(thumping..) : "CHANEDLURE!(all un..),the fire of this wishes is the ghost of decision(all un..)/to be again and then again just to be in precision/thus this sanity or being in self is just a culture/of fighting for fight why need need fight then says the normally defined fighting thus deductive not analytic Vulture(all un..).."
Perkha(a bit thoughtful but happy) : "um..yeah like that but none says it like this(laughing..)..as if they could(all laugh..lot)"
Tantrum : "well you know i remember when i'll be in your attention cosmologies in front as you know it's now(all un..),this idea of they will come compeer interrogating me in shadows,reflections categories and principles but you know this is i found it strange no matter how i react or don't that why won't they compeer why why would you no answer or contemplate compeer the vultures of inflection asks compeer why would you not allow us to not be why but i find this interesting you know as interest is just what's..MADDENING(all un..) countering though promisingly not passingly(all un..)"
Perkha(smile) : "um..yeah it's just personal life being true and honest.."
Tantrum : "that is the question indeed being that is which side is you beau strolling towards these days more fundamentally(all laugh a lot)..”
Perkha(a bit irritated) : “why the hell does it have to..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “be classified as physical entity given logic ever pleads with our mind to make it big time there in those shh..difficult moments of morbidity(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(bit irritated) : “um..no I don’t have any boyfriends just friends and..” Tantrum : “hombres(all laugh a lot)..but want one among not the sombres(all laugh a lot,cheers for SOMBRE STAT,Seth and Mallow laugh a lot)..you see ‘mam it will be of little use unless you can work HANDS-ON(all laugh a lot) I can’t help anyone in this world at all unless he helps me in return only if showing me how to be an non-occupationally improvisational Zarude(all burst into laughter)” Perkha(a bit thoughtful) : “um..no not that this name i know no matter all do it's a dictionary term for the mystiques of jangle lore(all laugh..lot) it doesn't seem to know what you just said no matter apparently(all un..,Brock..CONCEPTION OF INCEPTION,all un..,..MASTER BRATS,all un..)..but I just can’t get my head around this language you know during my transactions(all laugh a lot,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON)..and um..then there’s a video I found from my co students there it’s of someone called Phantom(all laugh a lot) and it’s said that he’s from your clan and the way he behaved with thugs and what happens to their language too I heard by recorders and it’s like what you all say isn’t anything new everyone knows it has an opinion about it but it’s all about this language you it’s just wired as to why would one use this sort of a language to describe all these(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth and Stash cheer for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes his head laughing)” Tantrum : “exactly what I said any reaction to this language is considerable only as bro or beau(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(a bit flustered) : “but um..you’re a teenager still Randy how are you so assured..” Tantrum : “the vultures has got that bit insured(all laugh a lot)..no it’s true there are so many and more that could be oh so true(all laugh a lot) but you know any idea of another agnostic of gender has been reverberating in my ears as the time when I recall some birds were trying to eat something that mom left to dry up in the sun then mom was there she drove the birds away saying shoo..the birds told me see lad take a cue that she wants to protect the food that she will or already has cooked with vigour yet dispassion just to make others eat and be happy or just for the sake of perfection alone hence indeed wants to complete that job only nothing else even if she wants us to eat it she in all this is only being to herself the most true but look at the self itself son that cunning shrew(all burst into laughter) that no matter happens you’re only a slave unto yourself being ever separate no matter me or you(all laugh a lot)..and it’s far far more unbinding you know no matter your position as a couple you still have to at your last breath be assured of of the effectiveness no matter bro or beau(all laugh a lot)” Perkha(a bit disappointed) : “well I guess mom didn’t have to..” Tantrum : “exactly why vultures are indispensable to reality ‘mam only those who defines it indeed have to rue(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(disappointed) : “no man I get it but you know what do you do when you’re so young and your dad is working so hard to make ends meet cause of the misfortunes several then still now with everything..” Tantrum : “Mr Dislom must be a magnanimous man I guess..and he better be you know having volunteered to become the teacher of indifferentiable that’s concentration strange the same is for pokemons you know that I assume that you indeed do presume looking at what his inheritence wants to consume(all laugh a lot) that it’s so strange that pokemons don’t get EMOTIONAL recess(all laugh a lot)..I asked him what are the incentives against severe injuries he said yeah treatment at low cost families have to pay ofcourse I mean there’s no doubt about that but this is where pokemons come in play ‘mam you see still requires a certain channel to communicate which we don’t like at all but that’s TECHNICAL fate(all laugh a lot)..12 hours work a day you know that too in shifts(all laugh a lot) no matter how is family life or that’s not the case if you can counter fatigue real time time itself against space can never bet(all laugh a lot)..nor can you do so if you’re sharing responsibility at workplace itself you know those wrong foots of any sorts of emotions must be shared mutually thus how can you know what’s fakenss to what’s fake(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY UNLOADED)..plus it should wane out over time how can a thing be surplus and not be diminished if it’s shared especially in case of ego,intelligence,ager,jealousy,hatred,confusion and infatuation anything else barring EMOTION(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY UNCHARTED)” Perkha(a bit disappointed) : “um..still you know these are all consolations only to him or me but what happens hands-on(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for CIVILIZATION,..)” Tantrum : “the law of equilibrium states that sharing is impossible unless the amount is exactly equal hence everything gets exchanged amongst themselves thus they remain the same in combination yet different says the laws of distribution(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus they become re distributed hence all encompassing having been made made of all not himself the one else if it’s only the exchange of the that’s been shared it’s just that ego the idea of me none wants to forgo no matter what happens countering themselves in the process excluding others existence of zero alone is the reasoning for the perfect sum(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)” Perkha(very happy beaming) : “thanks Randy this is so..” Tantrum : “if I were you the first part I would’ve forgo(all laugh a lot) cause it acknowledges another exactly shunning which they understand another understanding itself is another to knowledge thus to know finally each other they must forgo(all uncontrollably laugh,cheers for ALONE THUS NEVER LONE)” Perkha(smile) : “um..yeah I understand Millie’s nature now why aren’t you me(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for..THAT MAN!SAID..HEY!OH FEELINGS FEELINGS PLAY!/NO FEELING YOU FEEL SO CAN’T SAY NAY!/OH FEELING EXPOUND WHY IF ANYTHING IS FELT IT’S REPRESENTED TO YOU AS NEVER THE SOURCE OF LIGHT BUT IT’S RAY/NO FEELING FEELING SAY!,all UNCONTROLLABLY LAUGH,..,Cuong and Seth cheers for,THAT NOTHING ELSE GONNA CHANGE WHAT I FEEL AS MAY..THUS IT’S MY TIME TO SHINE/NEVER MINE HENCE ONLY MY THUS ONLY MY TIME TO SAY MINE..WELCOME DOCTOR SLATE THUS TO THIS IDEA SO REFINED,all cheers for THAT YOU’RE GONNA BATHE IN THIS LIGHT..OF THIS DARK NIGHT,all cheers for LEADING ROCK,..,Brock pats his forehead laughing)” Tantrum : “the most ensuing isn’t it(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Perkha(laughing a lot) : “man if these are told with these antics pre match that’s won there itself(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “as it will impossible to enter the match for anyone concerned I guess(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(laugh) : “absolutely(bursting..laughter) rhyming with self help countering(all un..) and hence only I was so petrified that day that didn’t even leave home next day that ok concentration is one thing but playing with it is another stuff(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “well sometimes it’s ‘mam cause sometimes the appearance become more important than THE MEANING(all laugh a lot)..it could be insinuating you see(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Perkha(laugh) : “man after all these just to scare people off or to like if inversed may be horrendously swear them just a warning against..” Tantrum : “existentially wrong channels of conscious closure(all laugh a lot)..till one is assured of the fact that there’s no me or other it’s only an attempt to not bother..welcome never bye(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Perkha(a bit taken aback) : “hey..”
Tantrum(going away) : “it’s not safe to stay here among the wrong sides the cunning pros/never have been able to disturb these trees you see no more existent here(all laugh a lot) hence now mentally that elusive watcher me on mine expressed in gross by those wicked crows(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/they know that it’s also the reverse hence none is well defined just as frets any philosophical book across eternity in all existential libraries row by rows(all laugh a lot)/they yet express what is what like all the rest ‘mam that you need physical money to buy a cloth EXHIBITED for mental consolation of emotion in a fashion show(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..the same sources selling you this version of a recorder(all laugh a lot) know the rest that may regale you more ‘mam on this idea of plurality/everything is only another way to bypass me and my only defined in the nightmare called sanity..(goes away)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Perkha(laughing to self) : “man that name itself counters the self for the same reason(all laugh a lot)..if this physical proportions doesn’t which(laughing) is itself so cause you can’t expect anything being neutralist optimist or pessimist from this appearance that is THE MOST ENSUING..mentally though(uncontrollably laughs,..)..(all burst into laughter)”
Tantrum(heard) : "no determination don't you strive for aim as charred is ask/comprehension will save from being doomed to last/onside of a equation next in murmur/thus standing where name now Upto Concur.."
Perkha(beaming) : "Unto Murmur yeah thanks um..compeer yeah(laughs a lot)..(all un..long,..Kumaglak+Perkha..Oh Vision halt..Upto Concur,#,..)"
..................................
(3 days later,Terry and Perkha,Terry is staying with Tantrum but comes to sleep at Mr Pablo’s gym at night)
Perkha(a bit uncertain) : “um..Terry..”
Terry(a bit surprized) : “um..yeah hi..um..sorry was lost a bit hallow ‘mam(all uncontrollably laugh,tears fits and convulsions of laughter,Terry..No negative don't say to so what not hallow but um..HI,#,..Perkha..The Unfolded Ones,..)”
Perkha(laughing a lot) : “man surely Randy gets in people’s heads(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..no sorry ‘mam but it’s um..infectious(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(smile) : “no I get you Terry I met him a few days back but yeah at Bosangria Hygabtor Crematory area..(both laugh)..(all laugh)..sir told where to find him cause he’s been forced to report here(all laugh)” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..yeah after all these and given our families it’s just a step for caution for us to us never involving him in any capacity(all laugh..lot,Violet..THE VULTURES CHATTER,all burst..,...)” Perkha(smile) : “um..yeah but um..I actually wanted to ask you something Terry about Randy..like um..what is this pokemons all about barring just fighting it out(all laugh a lot,Stash and Seth cheer for THE PAD,..)” Terry(laugh) : “well it’s another dimension in gross too(all laugh)..um..i’m sorry ‘mam we’re meeting first time..” Perkha(smile) : “i’m Perkha Gubiras working at Mutaboras Corporations here as an merchandising inventory manager and a professional here nice to talk with you Terry know you for years(all laugh a lot)” Terry(smile) : “um..yeah thanks nice to meet you it’s ok things happen(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)” Perkha(smile) : “um..yeah how’s Millie though I owe her big time but even sir doesn’t know her whereabouts hence(all laugh a lot)” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..no is fine at a very well(laugh) as the owners say polytonal place(all burst into laughter)” Perkha(laugh) : “um..yeah Polytonal for sure(all laugh)..” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..just a thing Ms are you um..Pirrie(all laugh)..” Perkha(laugh) : “yeah Millie must’ve told a lot about me(all laugh)..” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..yeah..”
Perkha(smile) : “call me just that Terry it will be better..” Terry(smile) : “um..yeah Pirrie thanks..but um..no it’s not what Millie said but um..I myself was a swimmer just about to enter professional circuits after this semester even last month but you can assume the situation now with Flotzels rather than the water(both laugh)..(all laugh a lot)..but um..in my experience there are a a few doing combat sports who are also academically very strong I mean(all laugh a lot) um..Randy’s words sound crazy but what they mean to discern that must be like um..(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(smile) : “no Terry not at all may be they are easier you know..” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..no Cammie my friend told me he actually does some works amongst the sewage workers and stuffs and said where Randy worked he affected people there too especially the new ones(all laugh a lot)..so I get it but um..well seem like so happy now previously all taunted me here I mean I get that not all did there are a few good guys and girls but um..this all just it seems strange(all laugh)..” Perkha(smile) : “um..yeah I get it Terry no you know it’s hard most times to have dedication in this to the top level all the time unless there’s some fire in your belly not always cause you wish to have it..” Terry(a bit concerned) : “um..well Pirrie i’m very sorry if you’ve gone through harsh experiences in life and I get it very well I myself have lost my parents at the age of 4 in an accident along with my grandma just living with grandpa since then but yeah you know who he is I guess hence no financially and all rather the onus is on me still” Perkha(smile) : “um..yeah I get that anyway Terry actually I just wanted to ask um..if you have any like recordings or something(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE FACTORY of STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Cuong,Seth and Gary shake their heads laughing)..i’ve heard a lot and actually was one of the reasons why Randy got the injuries the night he went to the hospital when Millie wasn’t well..that language is really not getting out of my head you know and sir himself has changed much now always talks about how to use the grass types to better effect psychologically that is(both laugh)..(all laugh a lot)” Terry(laugh) : “well I have to handle all types sadly in my mind especially emotions as they say(both laugh)..(all laugh)..and um..yeah I do have quite a few but um..” Perkha(smile) : “no it’s ok I met Randy as I said you can leave them with sir if you wish he will decide then this is Randy’s cage actually has to report here no matter as I heard(all laugh)..” Terry(a bit concerned) : “um..no Pirrie it’s not that infact they have no trouble if you record them hence it doesn’t matter to them but um..things can get out of hand with these what happened to Millie exactly no matter the profession..(all laugh)..” Perkha(smile) : “yeah I get it Terry it’s ok i’ll ask sir himself then we can talk about it later anyway I must go now it was great to talk with you..” Terry(smile) : “um..yeah it’s ok thanks it was great to talk with you but um..a record you said about Phantom and um..like thugs or something so um..(all laugh a lot,cheers for choiced brats)” Perkha(laughing) : “yeah that’s safest indeed(all laugh)..” Terry(a bit ashamed) : “um..sorry I wish I could give you but the ones I have at present are all about profession it’s not that they directly talk any technicalities cause you may know they haven’t passed elementary none of them infact the baby brat can only sign his name beautifully no more always countering this idea and the reasons to write(all un..) and about not passing they said(laugh) it was so cause knowledge is emotionally captivating but mentally hibernating(both burst into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..hence they said to never try to think before or after a thought is known to be so(laughs a lot,Perkha uncontrollably laughs)..(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(laughing a lot) : “man this is outrageous to explain as he said never try to be(laughs a lot)..um..yeah Terry this may seem strange to you and no I barely passed my schools never interested anything that was physically not demanding(all laugh) but um..again it’s just that language since met him first read a few things especially revisited those I had kept I guess all did those three pieces ‘Caution!A Random Tryrantum!’,’Peace : The Horror of Honesty’ and ‘Randomness : The Deception of Morality’(all laugh a lot) but um..then I searched it and found an old piece from Yellowburst the names were different then now know what is what..(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(laugh) : “yeah ‘MEANING : THE Comeuppance OF DIFFERENCE’(both laugh a lot)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS)” Perkha(laugh) : “yeah that was about an illegal marriage and alleged eloping case they showed that the marriage was legal putting the onus on the couple and the police just by a detour(all laugh a lot) and the eloping was like their own pseudonyms as that piece said from Platue when Randy was caught first ‘HONESTY : THE TWIST OF SANITY’(both laugh a lot)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY)..” Terry(laugh) : “yeah and you may not know all these were provided the offenders themselves just to show the twist(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY)..their sole focus is being and nothing else hence anything else is a plaything to them just to tell people as Randy told you don’t be unless you know you can’t(laughs,Perkha bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter)..” Perkha(laughing) : “man I wish people taught these in this language(all laugh a lot) but then I don’t think anything would’ve changed at all it’s just that that they’re having fun and we’re just seeing them and enjoying you know like they are in-born performers(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY) Terry(laugh) : “well performances for sure but I don’t know for your profession combat sports it’s always so intent you know with these sort of ideas man it’s hard I guess(all laugh)..” Perkha(laugh) : “no I believe if they were allowed to run their mouth the match’s over there itself you know even if they weren’t professional either cause like if someone is talking trash and the answer is like hallow never hi(all laugh a lot)..then saying what he told me if things are shared then they are no more due to exchanges or recombination of the constituents as says the law of distributive combinatorics(all laugh a lot)..then it’s just you don’t have any feelings cause you can’t share at all not even with yourself(all laugh a lot) so you’ve nothing left in you at all that can actually make you do anything(all laugh a lot)” Terry(laugh) : “other than entering this profession(all laugh a lot)..and you know pokemon profession as vast as it is it’s always been intellectual rather(all laugh a lot) but they I don’t believe there’s any way to beat them at all cause they don’t want to battle and all it’s just the authority that will force them to to keep a check on them which they have to thus themselves have already been countered so it’s just impossible to get past them cause they’re not there at all(all laugh a lot)..and you know psychic type pokemons like Meowstics the specialty of them is that you know what they are going to do but you can’t stop them unless you can counter their skills that’s the psychic type’s specialty they want to think in a deeper channel not wider and makes any attempt against it deeper(all laugh a lot) that’s the opposite of fairy types like Slurpuff who are exact opposite then dark types like Mighteyna they combine these two cutting off both the depth and vastness but replicates several copies and tries to make all non mutually thoughtful hence they are always mad with too many things to think about but it’s like they enjoy this self mortification and introduces other people to them incessantly(all laugh)..” Perkha(laugh) : “and all knows about ghosts they don’t give a damn about anything(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(laugh) : “unless it makes them to think especially if have to think in depth hence their only type weakness is against psychics but they win most times against them historically(all laugh a lot) rather fairy types they are independent to cause they don’t like thinking but oblivious to interconnection the vastness of thinking so just gets irritated sometimes exactly why Mimikyus are so loathed but yeah Gengars are a different stuff entirely cause they don’t even know anything(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)” Perkha(laugh) : “well the night we beat him told me was Marengo night and the day I met him ¾ days back was some other night some other geography where other sort of brats are found(all laugh a lot)” Terry(laugh) : “yeah and it’s just that they can present the same thing in infinite ways exactly what they said meaning is indeed the revenge of difference(both laugh a lot)..(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(laugh) : “man it’s so hard to not say these kind of things during transactions you know I never thought I would even understand any of it(all laugh) then those pieces are what they are then just own experience and talking with dad then um yeah sir obviously helped too gleefully(all laugh)” Terry(smile) : “um..no not just that Pirrie you have to have something whole world is hearing this as you said I can’t talk like that cause it won’t mean anything what they say is just what they do they really are in that self inflicted suffering you know and only then could they grow up with a Hakamo-O(all laugh a lot)..” Perkha(laugh) : “yeah the rhymes(all laugh)..anyway Terry it’s getting late much I must leave now was great talking bye..” Terry(smile) : “yeah bye Pirrie was a great experience..i’ll make sure you get the recordings next time don’t worry..” Perkha(laugh) ; “it’s ok man take your time my jobs require the opposite(both laugh)..anyway see..(Tantrum coming in)..oh hi Randy(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “the sweetness of the idea not the material what makes the CANDY(all laugh a lot)..should you be staying here still(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Perkha(laugh) : “well I wish I could but I have to leave..” Tantrum : “you know looking at this whole situation I understand that you’re too interested in objective relations(all laugh a lot)..many years ago just as past(all un..)..you wondered what's a Phantom and may be you can count upto then from now just as future#..but do you see compeer the VULTURE..SHHH..The Vultures#..The Vulture Frontier,#,.."
A Voice Heard : "erm..um..ding..dong..um..gom..gulp/oh system why newly come up/om..um..erm..new..discerned/oh me um uum..Action Passioned.."
Perkha(laughing..) : "no this is not Phantom i too know this creature this song is categorically banned from contemplation#..Nobility Agnostic Apocalypse,#,.."
Same Voice : "Oh Lastly Lastly Phantom/look next term/Phantom is lie of else..Oh Ho/Lastly Lastly Concern/Noble Discerned..Oh Phantom now thence..Lastly Lastly Look/Ghastly Ghastly Spooked/seer or seen or validation..Ho-Oh..Lastly Lastly then till now Phantom..Phantom..shuu..Next Next Turn to Shadow of Lantern/Lastly Witness you Concern..Bounty..Oh Bedlam..Living Paints Oh One/Habitat Lapped where's ing/Quill..Quill Quill Quill..GUNNING.."
Perkha(smile) : "um..no thanks um..compeers yeah(laughs..)..like..Lastly Passion yeah(un..laughs as does Terry).."
Tantrum : "so it’s ok why don’t you go to Mr Pablo’s home with Terry have a chat you need this he needs out of profession people to understand that he’s in it(all burst into laughter)..keep this ball Terry it’s Mippie’s(Mesprit becomes visible)..introduce her to the factory all workers are indeed NECESSARY..so have a nice time this place is rather boring for much longer go home swiftly all together enjoy the delicious CULINARY(all laugh)..i’ll pay a visit to your home and do what you do their including the finances if any don’t worry the specifications MUST be with the Police PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh a lot)..including the transports extra vigil is what makes them personally promoted COUNTERING(all laugh a lot)..for newly found never abound just the sound..shh..the most BURNIN'..
GGGHHGHG..Unto Murmur Oh Concur boo nuzzled ME(all un..,..Unto Murmur,#,..)”
Perkha(a bit taken aback) : “hey..”
Terry(smile) : “it’s ok Pirrie do as he says I was the eye witness of the accident I told you took my parents and grandma away from me that was there for 12 years erased it off completely must’ve gauged something..”
Perkha(bewildered) : “hey come on..it’s..and why was I not being able to talk(all laugh)..” Terry(smile) : “just this pokemon Mesprit it’s a psychic..though later you'll realize more about the actuality of it as it was said Upto Concur(all laugh..lot)..come on..” Perkha(frown) : “does he know my name..”
Terry(suddenly as if understanding something,a bit thoughtful) : “um..sorry Pirrie but where did you say you met him again..”
Perkha(frown) : “Bosangria Hygabtor Crematory area why..” Terry(rushed) : “um..i’m very sorry Pirrie but we must leave right now to Pablo uncle’s home in a cab i’ll tell you the reasons though my calls just let me get a few things sorted out inside I have keys tell the guards and the rest to pack up all including pokemons we’re on urgency for your info believe me you know my grandpa and I know what he does very well..let’s go..” Perkha(very concerned) : “I met a few..”
Terry(going inside after calling a few pokemons by Mesprit) : “Randy’s the problem long history given the gross that they do nothing to do with you your home will be safe don’t worry..”
(on way to Pablo’s home all has known,Perkha is very worried) Perkha(very worried,angry) : “just tell me..”
Terry(calling Strawberry) : “the answer’s this..”
(Strawberry picks up..)
Strawberry : “what’s wrong the personal lyrics or professional song(all laugh a lot)..” Terry(worried) : “Team Skull..”
Strawberry : “he has some specifications with him in general dimensions so needs to be reported for abusing them shouldn’t he Billy(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Terry(frown) : “he doesn’t..someone met Randy at a place was marked out he’s after them by fortune we’ve been saved going to Pablo uncle’s home..”
Perkha(shocked) : “dad..”
Terry(frown) : “you have this and explain..(gives the phone to Perkha..)” Perkha(very concerned) : “hallow is this police..”
Strawberry : “not the foolish(all laugh shaking their heads)..physically(all un..,..The Professional Ego,#,..)..calm down ‘mam..if i'm right to address the mind(all un..,..The Professional Ego,#,..) calm down nothing will happen to your dad unless you try to interject yourself in it or anyone without preparation..not the mental ones the concurred some#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..”
Perkha(crying) : “I only..”
Strawberry : “a few might’ve asked you of certain whereabout indeed not a trouble ‘mam tomorrow at morning you will be present at your job as an inventory manager there the rest you’ll know i’m a professional ‘mam hence must go..(cuts off)..”
.....(Tantrum stayed just outside the gym in a hideout till Terry and all vacated it)…
Tantrum(coming out) : “if all were me I wouldn’t care for them cause they won’t be mine(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)/if I take care of myself how can they be nothing else but mine(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)/hence i’ll care for them not being me/at the crux of it i’ll be them cause i’ve lost my logical sanity(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..”
Team Skull : “it could be an accident”
Tantrum : “if the precedence is situational conditional becomes the incident(all laugh a lot)” Team Skull : “where should we have our date”
Tantrum : “at those who at present are governed by fate(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Team Skull : “it could be an incident too..”
Tantrum : “by the end of the date there will be some compensation why am I not you(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Team Skull : “you may not be their by means of ego” Tantrum : “contemplation is the evil of mind that one mustn’t forgo(all laugh a lot)” Team Skull : “there’s no validation of ramifications cause my your own frailty” Tantrum : “perception of another is ever the downfall of elusive sanity(all laugh a lot)” Team Skull : “hop into the car..”
Tantrum : “I would prefer the ensuing igniter over the decaying cigar(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Team Skull : “physically too..”
Tantrum : “won’t matter as second time the pollution has to come existentially along with time itself consciousness BOO(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Team Skull : “it might be a matter of hostages”
Tantrum : “only if the metaphysical room isn’t modally empty in abstract would ones care for the conscious person who statistically rummages(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Team Skull : “what happens to the body”
Tantrum : “mentally it’s a matter of moment only exactly what has got emotion an idea so shoddy(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Team Skull : “can you demonstrate that..”
Tantrum : “who enjoys a good meal doesn’t know if it’s too much or less exactly why who knows defines fat(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Team Skull : “still you lose your bet..”
Tantrum : “space is defined as abstraction of physical duality comes when consciousness feels safe(all laugh a lot)..”
Team Skull(someone) : “man told you to go to the movie rather(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Team Skull(enforcer) : “don’t provide him with lines(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “indeed folks this wave of duality so soothing if only but then only can’t just chime(all laugh a lot)..” Team Skull(enforcer,putting a gun on Tantrum’s head) : “one shot and that’s it..” Tantrum : “exactly after you plunge into duality no matter the perfection due to the model of causality any phenomena ought to in the galore of meaning indeed FIT(all laugh shaking their heads,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER)” Team Skull(someone,shoots Tantrum with an injection type bullet with substances to incapacitate his cognitive faculties) : “whoosh..beauty(all laugh shaking their heads)..(some minutes later)..hey what is happening this would’ve killed any other teenager by now are you sure he was kicked out of school or faked the papers afterall(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum : “nothing but your ideas of generosity spinning off conformity hombres with cartographic tickling(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..that despite knowing you did all you could consciousness will tell you this is you not those exactly what these not males are telling me now emotion is the dreg of mind ever in retrospection on the self which introspects only to get itself in return thus not selves rather than becoming the gateway to existence becomes pieces of consciousness floating on perception the self reference of consciousness which now distributed in pieces can’t focus on itself at all all these I can surmise just as the thought of being arises in mind the arrival saying define henceforth the being to the absence of it as the modal inkling(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..thus I can see it’s like you’re playing a game of LOGIC(all laugh a lot) hombres when you don’t want to play any more you become tragic/cause you wanted to define yourself as logical itself despite knowing otherwise logic wouldn’t come to start with now standing on the verge of sanity hombres let us enjoy it’s disappearance as another THE MAGIC(all burst into laughter,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..anyway in gross too you said this might be fake matter of papers despite saying before you accept that moment as the manifestation of AH!BEAUTY!BEAUTY!(all laugh a lot)/exactly if this idea wants an attribution reference hombres you will have to conjure up more words just to validate yourself thus this horrible cauldron of many from one BEHOLD THE MEANINGS SWEET,CUTE BECOMES OH SWEETIE!MY CUTIE!(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..any complaints about the ordering not males(all burst into laughter)..” Team Skull : “told you Hammie this b.. doesn’t worth it we’re off(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Team Skull(Hammie) : "just a second you b.. surely you have all sorts of s.. left looking at your disposition no matter your eyes or d..(all laugh..shaking).."
Tantrum : "indeed hombre indeed(all laugh..lot) but you know as you say and see and stuffs like that may be physically but you know hombre at your vision when i was many years back just to corroborate that you can count(all un..) i thought of the same but you know just as i was about to be vindicated i tell you you know(all laugh..lot)"
Team Skull(Hammie) : "yeah move it all knows that part for 13 years now the redundant one come to the point straight(all un..,Brock..RENEGADE OF BEAUTY,all un..)"
Tantrum : "well for you you may work on this 'INDULGENCE : THE RENEGADE OF BEAUTY'(all un..)..
I COULD FEEL IT COME IT'S RIGHT HERE NOW..THUS NO MORE HOW..OH VULTURES EXISTENTIALLY REGISTER A CONSCIOUS POW(all un..)/AND I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR MOMENT FOR ALL ME LIFE..THUS MY SOUL NO MORE TO PLOUGH..OH VULTURES LOOK AT THIS SELF SUFFICIENT SOUGH(all un..)/CAN YOU FEEL IT COME AS THIS MY SELF BIGGER THAN ME THE EGO..THUS TO THE REALITY I BOW..OH VULTURES TAKE THE SNAPSHOT THIS MENTAL VOW(all un..)..any logical discrepancy relegated to emotion(all un..)"
Team Skull(Hammie,going away) : "yeah we get it whatever you are thinking has only the meaning that it's the most ensuing bye(all burst..)"
Tantrum : "thus hallow never hi isn't it personality agnostic profession SPECIFIC(all un..)..what you understand compeers if if committed to a cause it must be the pause of entertainment..Eh so Blur relevance..not the absolute ones..committed to..shh..ESSENCE#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..many years ago just cause it won't stay#..Unto Murmur,#,..by definition Eh#..Eh Blur,#,..i was compeer..any need to specify today(all un..,Violet..shu..The Vultures Appear,#,..The Vulture Frontier,#,..).."
Team Skull(enforcer) : "don't badger them they'll go to the Police themselves unless there's circulation we have libraries too(all un..)"
Tantrum : "SITUATION : THE LIBRARY OF CONSCIENCE(all un..)"
Team Skull(enforcer,irritated) : "yeah countering 'EDUCATION : THE ONTOLOGY OF DIGUISE' all read that(all un..,Cuong,Gary,Seth and Stash..JUBILEE HANDS-ON,all un..)..your factory will make big profits now despite such a small number of workers..” Tantrum : “even if that doesn’t exist Sir the potential is always there the best thing about sanity is that it’s only the existential chalk for consciousness the marker(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Team Skull(enforcer) : “you will be killed anyway..” Tantrum : “only the other side of the contingent doorway(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Team Skull(enforcer,frustrated) : “what do you want huh(all laugh a lot)..isn’t it really working..” Tantrum : “it would’ve Sir if it was PROVERBIAL(all uncontrollably laugh,..) what you gave me is part of psychophysics a verb denotes exquisitely but alas when it wants more in becomes conditional thus defines tense never if verb becomes pro says the INTELLECTUAL(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)..so because you decide to return again not now name the price for your LOGICAL safety(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,..)/that you failed harm yourselves a matter whatever be the meanings no matter is indeed so HEFTY(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM,..)..” Team Skull(enforcer) : “we’ll see how you survive the real scare now..” Tantrum : “scare is a scar sir on mind by distribution upon intellect who despite working with never knew if it’s him or her(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Team Skull(someone) : “still you make nothing in gross so still lose the bet” Tantrum : “a bet is a means to keep the mind engaged in the evanescent faculty of conception exactly why this theory probability as a precaution as a safety valve of digression is preset(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Team Skull(enforcer) : “can anyone digest that stuff Bojie..” Team Skull(Bojie) : “well it works on destroying your cognitive faculties first then clots the blood in no time or the viseversa whichever gives the least resistance thus shot him again a controlled one when said beauty that he didn’t understand thought only one(all laugh shaking their heads) then as he was explaining it I let the shackles off and he got mentally better so physic never mattered thus failed it’s purpose of validating the former(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM) so this b.. is insured from both sides cause he plays around with his vultures the process of validation itself that’s intelligence,discrimination and whatnot in abstract but most importantly emotion(all laugh a lot)..that’s we see we can shoot 100 nothing would happen still will continue without any bit of trouble to gnaw at our sanity why aren’t you me cause emotion is universal cause you want to be me(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..” Tantrum : “else comfort wouldn’t be distributed across perception folks which ones nah which one eww..COZY(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/thus as I said folks it’s a treachery of consciousness to spoil this existence why a material called rose would become an idea Rosey(all laugh a lot)..all these and whatever I told you are validated only mentally though rhyming with so what does this moment mean to you logically though(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong and Poppy,Stash,Seth and Mallow and Gary cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER,JUST SPIN THE WHEEL/WHEN YOU UNDERSTAND YOURSELF UNDERSTAND HENCE LEAVE THAT AS IT’S ONLY THAT FEEL,all un..,Lillie..THUS PEWTER HAIL THAT LEADING FEEL,all un..,Brock pats his forehead laughing,..)” Team Skull(Bojie) : “see how he mocks sanity that each moment any duality arises it’s made reality hence the reality changes it’s place and then the chain immediately restarts upended thus goes his distributions of self counters you can do absolutely nothing except play across the shadows(all laugh a lot,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)” Team Skull(enforcer,giving Tantrum some money) : “this is our surplus getaway expenses thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum : “I believe it should be the Police who deserves it for allowing me to exercise my right to experimental psychopathy(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus it’s them who should enjoy it through the ranks(all laugh a lot)..” Team Skull(enforcer,frustrated) : “yeah folks can’t help it there either neither the police cause they’ve been informed and this recorded(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “countering(all uncontrollably laugh laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT,..)..the recording doesn’t consist of any any personality Sir only professionalism thus the redemption of sloth on energy isn’t viable cause of the precursor of torpor already ensuring that(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus no activity thus distinction is feasible Sir hence hallow never hi(all uncontrollably laugh..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!,..)” Team Skull(going away) : “we’ll see how you exit your first gym without your license rescinded for life unless the leader is a b.. b.. welcome never bye(goes away)..(all laugh a lot,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock slaps himself laughing,Violet bursts into laughter)..”
Tantrum : "not so quick compeers space never done#..Unto Murmur,#,..there is an accident that's the confirmation no i said it's an option not where or why it happens you may pick up one or may be you'll just see the Premises being Ordained as I but among all i was told you see..Anchor never Try..shh..so responsive(all un..,..Premise Arcane,#,..).."
...(Tantrum sitting outside Pablo’s gym some 30 minutes later)..
Tantrum : “anesthesia is the vigil of sanity on corporation analogy where duality is CONFINED(all laugh shaking their heads)/(now sits down in exhaustion) this sleep will be wonderful vultures SANITY REWIND..(almost dozes off)..right now let me send the specifications away(sends the recordings,etc)..(all laugh shaking their heads)..right VULTURES let’s PLAY..HANDS-ON..(dozes off)..(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
(some 15 minutes later Police and all come..)
Police(holding Tantrum) : “Mr Tantrum can you hear us physically(all burst into laughter)..no only mental(all laugh a lot)..yeah must’ve been poisoned ring his backyard and send him to Bosangria Canroter Hospital and count the in-coming money to be given to that b.. of an area or what(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum(suddenly waking up) : "what is exactly what/define the mind then disperse the eternal self with the emotional swat,countering..(dozes off again)..(all un..).."
Police : "yeah around () will be delivered(all burst..)"
Tantrum(waking up) : "do you know what is relativity conjoint disjunction..shh..once me and boo/but thee and cue/passage then left you/resulting never new..shh..so much i-ness(all un..,Passage Cue,#,.."
Police(angry) : "hey hey don't question devotion's self ok we have a whole bunch of technicality for that anyway none of which tells what is what only what is rationed for devout as seek and caught#..Connect Destination,#,.."
(Police to Strawberry)
Police : “hallow Mr Berry Bosangria Police recovered..” Strawberry : “professionally dead or personally alive(all burst into laughter)” Police : “in-between(all laugh a lot)”
Strawberry : “it’s improfessional compeers isn’t it to you personally that you’re roped in to understand the generalization of relationships yet find yourselves entangled in the specificity of global life amidst local death(all burst into laughter)..”
Police : “we don’t believe you know each of the underground substances grossly no matter you professional aptitudes(all laugh a lot)..”
Strawberry : “your generalized hypothesis of specific constraint to professionalize global locality is only the cry of personal assuage(all burst into laughter)..”
Police : “thus you proclaim yourself to be omniscient..” Strawberry : “specifically(all burst into laughter)..” Police : “is there any point talking further then(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “professionally always personally anyways(all laugh a lot)..this is a petty matter of actualized gross needed only to built this elusive tree exactly why despite all being semi animate the moss is deemed significant in determining why aren’t you me(all burst into laughter)..” Police : “fare enough but some money from some known sources that are unknowable is to be directed by us according to the inexistent wishes that corroborates probabilities(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “unless it did it would’ve been fruitless to cogitate anything from ability to sanity(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police : “and this is fare to you in essence”
Strawberry : “personality is in need of the specific ever hence generalization was done to professionalize the means of expenses(all burst into laughter)”
Police : “that we in return get to know that they are perceptive of philosophy hence ourselves must be too thus to actuate it must to as they order countering us along with they themselves(all laugh a lot)..”
Strawberry : “spherically(all burst into laughter)”
Police : “we only have one problem Mr Berry that..” Strawberry : “is solely your professional responsibility compeers personally anyone can always generalize anatomic homogeneity(all burst into laughter)” Police : “infact you might be booked with an attempt to float a revolution(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “professionally it’s impossible to evolve unless personality is generalized specifically that’s the requirement for PERFECTION(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police : “that if everything is put to a high octane pace the revolution will never end neither will the resistance thus in the end it will remain at the same state only sanity will enjoy it a bit more cause of it’s vanishing self definition against doldrums(all laugh a lot)” Strawberry : “cerebrally(all burst into laughter)..”
Police : “yeah have a nice day Mr Berry next time then(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Strawberry : “those who refuses the present asks what’s first egg or the hen thanks(all burst into laughter)..” ...(Tantrum being treated,only Pablo came to visit him,rest were desisted by Strawberry,Phantom couldn’t be reached at any point of time during this event as was in psychic channels with pokemons at Rimsable same with Hologram at Zipgarnet) Pablo(tenderly) : “Randy..”
Tantrum(is still a dizzy) : “the vultures should say randomness is the water to plant the seed of attention the answer is then qualia becomes the fruit yet expectation says it’s the sweetest candy(all burst into laughter)”
Pablo(smile) : “that’s ok dear but you don’t need to be so reckless all times..surely you could’ve avoided all the injuries we caused you..”
Tantrum : “barometrically(all burst into laughter) that’s the whole point of not expressing them in general as specificity no matter belies the intention behind anything represented parametrically(all burst into laughter)”
Pablo(a bit concerned) : “no Randy I realized this but you know you’re..” Tantrum : “no these are the products uncle they till now only pursued us specifically hence was treated generally but now it will be reversed which they needed to understand to provide better data to their predictive systems countering in return of which all of our the whole of this side’s methods will be sharpened against countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..mutual benefit is indeed the dream of economy/alas the need for profit is there for any endeavour at any scale to satisfy the requirement of more than one welcome mathematical hegemony(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..but you see the reactions are provided my intention or memory..shh..compeer : the dice of allegory(all un..,Who-oh-Ringtone,#,..)” Pablo(laughing) : “yeah it’s what it is Randy get well meeting you tomorrow..” Tantrum : “as any duality is not defined robustly hence neither you nor me are ever a thing even if one is still it’s a matter of validation thus have to be different no matter the equivalence as that’s the reason for the definition of equality analytically(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus I guess you meant you can only meet me asymptotically(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Pablo(laughing) : “God bless the vultures yeah(laughing a lot) mentally(bursting into laughter)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” (Next day at Pablo’s gym,Perkha was sent to her home later at night,the pokemons were transported to Oak Labs from the local pokemon centres,next day all are back to normalcy,Terry was been taken to Oak Labs by Phantom at Dawn) Tantrum(coming in) : “right what are the concerns” Pablo(a bit concerned) : “um..that area Randy..”
Tantrum : “the specifications..”
Pablo(bit concerned) : “Pirrie is a good girl but her family history..” Tantrum : “as far as my knowledge goes from her words the better part left early the lesser is in PHYSICAL despair..anything else(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Pablo(bit concerned) : “her bro..”
Tantrum : “from your social position to or fro(all laugh a lot)..” Pablo(bit concerned) : “well he isn’t her own bro never knew who his parents is of Pirrie’s age too stayed at their home there Pirrie’s mom knew someone under whose care he was as their restaurant worker for 2 years since 11..I don’t know why he was taken home he was 13 actually then then next year itself Pirrie’s mom passed away,then her dad’s business went downhill in next 2 years and on 3rd they shifted to their current location been there for three years she is training here for 3 years too started after joining the vocational training..” Tantrum : “any known regulations defined mentally to categorize him as a unique person PHYSICALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..cheers for MASTER BRAT)..” Pablo(laugh) : “man no wonder Team Skull was befooled(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “existentially(all burst into laughter,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..” Pablo(bit concerned) : “Pirrie called him Norton I don’t know more than this met him twice couple of years back used to come here sometimes then never met him..Pirrie hasn’t either I asked her yesterday said no hasn’t met him in last 2 years but knows he’s more than alive..” Tantrum : “SO NAIVE(all laugh a lot)..well against the social positions i’ve no complaints cause they do about me as does their opposite side(all laugh a lot)..all are concerned what happens if I fail in the middle same for the other 3 as well except Jubilee then I can say one has already failed anyway(all laugh shaking their heads,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheer for MR VITAMIN TITHE,all uncontrollably laugh,..)..but the difference is that for all of us except Jubilee it’s a matter of temerity for them it’s about the proliferation of being for me the self attestation of mental sanity(all burst into laughter)..thus the failure is always happening exactly why the we rear these vultures look closely at them they’re always suspicious of their environment never existent if the fear is about them themselves that they don’t have but we do spread across spatiotempoconditional scale the corollary of PHYSICAL necessities(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..hence the vultures must be able to surmise these things no matter the existential despondency for them it’s the affricative monotony of life for the vultures it’s durability and for us it’s appearance upon consciousness the surplus of singularity validated by intelligence as plurality analyzed by perception as duality celebrated through mathematics as numbers watering the plant of desire the objective vanity(all laugh a lot)..because this whole process is valid only in the mind the being should say i’m free from objective sanity emotionally though(all burst into laughter)..” Pablo(smile) : “I don’t know Randy may be you..”
Tantrum : “exactly this is the sentiment why people ask why i’m not you(all laugh a lot)..it makes no sense to pinpoint particulars in the grains of rice/look at the cat of existence ever trying to hunt the consciousness to survive who thus is self satiated by any grain of non-objectivity alas that’s perceivable only as objects due to the desire of self validation bifurcating and spinning of the ideas of grain and any welcome existence once more the grains we count as a whole to satiate us never enough thus due to any holistic idea being vague due to granularity of objects never the subjective sanity(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus while we’re happy to live in existence like the cat eating up the creams as cold as ice/look at the consciousness itself that we deem at the same time as us satiated never afraid though ever to look to the other grain of rice/where oh where is safety though I want to eat more but there’s always a price/that the cat is after me although unless he is I can’t validate myself as a victim of life having adversities is what makes consciousness the sane herd of mice(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..thus this fear so dear vultures must hear is existent always thus this bravery to defy it knowing thus mind is happy ever to chew something as another only asked why not me if it becomes hard this separation for emotions to bear(all laugh a lot)..thus of existence we’re consciously in fear/hence consciousness itself must validate itself that it can’t due to it being deemed contrasting the object that’s existence hence how can being be an issue anything else but the most mere(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..thus it’s actually the idea of another as not us not what the other is to us becomes dear/cause if it wasn’t so we to us will bring only pain in the greatest solitude of most auspicious or desired company cause they we want only cause duality by definition without another isn’t at all CLEAR countering which has it devised this idea of illusion of contradiction what’s contradictory itself isn’t existent yet it’s dual sanity hence is indeed to be a being the biggest fear mentally though(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..”
Pablo(laugh) : “yeah even I understand what will happen to the first gym leader countering(all laugh a lot,Genkai+Blossom,Guang+Itzel,Gus+Yagmur,Cuong+Poppy,Seth+Mallow and Stash cheer for,DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST FEEL THIS MOMENT’S FEEL/IF YOU RECALL THAT IT’S A MOMENT WON’T THE NEXT ONLY BE VALIDATED IF YOU SO FEEL,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock pats his forehead with both hands laughing)”
Tantrum : “indeed hence I said because Terry was with me I couldn’t fully UNBOUND(all laugh a lot)/now it’s not a problem at all from now till my time here comes to an end you will know me via the Police themselves none else including Gyre as will I  cause morality is ever honesty’s discount thus temporally accessible only countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..thus always it’s printed in the bill welcome never bye(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
(Tantrum at Police station)
Police : “and this information isn’t unethical for us to share with someone 14ft 1 inch 964 kgs PHYSUCALLY..ALONE(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “the measurements can be wrong as much the form compeer mentally(all laugh..lot)..but well what i say is that in the moment of i why not rather lie that see left as but's ply#..Daily Hologram,#,..what not happy fair enough#..Critical Pat,#,..regardless of your success or my failure the reverse is ever probable exactly as the question for existence from consciousness whose whose beau(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY UNLOADED,..)..anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Police : “there won’t be any help from our part thanks(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “valour is what fetches you an amount compeers also through the law and order administrative ranks countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Police : “yeah Volkner keep this case open as well till this b.. of ethics(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..relives us next year as part of the deal(all laugh a lot)” ...(Tantrum at a given address at Rimsable,at late night)..
Tantrum : “um..excuse me does Mr Norton live here..” someone : “kid are you A Random(all un..long)..”
Tantrum : “I know this place well ‘mam forever answer me please..” someone(laughing maniacally) : “NORTIE..”
Norton(coming out,crude smile) : “PRE..”
Tantrum(changing his expression completely) : “vious..be at present look past is future alas you’re CONSCIOUS(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Norton(a bit taken about as is the other lady) : “wha..” Tantrum : “call your mates in here Mr Norton i’m hungry(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,..)..you might be familiar with many hungers and their cessations and appearances and presence compeer but i'm hungry you see..any premise concealed(all un..,..Arnold..Anchor Arcane,#,..)” the other lady(very scared,scream) : “who..”
Tantrum : “confession is the heart of mind ‘mam emotion the pulse blood the desire defined thus how can you be sad or angry(all laugh a lot)..(a few other people coming in)..right compeers i’ll be busy here you see I hope you can enjoy this dark night of reciprocity countering(all laugh a lot)..anyway Mr Norton any emotional hesitations or mental convolutions(all laugh a lot)..”
Norton(still same confused state) : “um..welcome..um..but i still can never forget it sometimes um..um..
Tantrum : "nuzzle"
Norton(bit happier) : "yeah nuzzles me..Welcome..shuu..Guzzle Humdrum(all un..,Violet..The Vulture Frontier,#,..)..um..no what um..no where was i..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “these insects are afraid of existence Mr Norton not the swat/exactly why unless you know something to be a being you can’t ask what exactly is what..thanks..call your mom in Mr Norton she’s existent yet not conscious LOGICALLY(all laugh a lot)” Norton’s mom(scream waking up as if was induced so far) : “I know you you b.. b.. this..” Tantrum : “is what you indeed do miss/if the blood is same how can the difference persist bro and sis countering(all laugh shaking their heads)..” Someone from the crowd : “look just show..”
Tantrum : “the idea of duality being another if I did to you i’ll be the other to me you thus will ever remain a matter of bother to you you yourself like me myself will remain detached not getting what we want that’s the other(all laugh a lot)..this idea you have that you want to be HAPPY(all laugh a lot,cheers for IN PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS)/is the same idea that makes you want it so badly..(extremely grave)..IF YOU WANT THE DOG HOW CAN YOU NOT KNOW THE PUPPY..COUNTERING(all laugh a lot)..this idea of will that makes you get something is only a way to validate that it’s the thing right after you get that it becomes nothing cause it was only a thing to validate your desire only cause you wanted to act which isn’t plausible thus there was something..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..this illusion of duality is ever free/of reality due to that being which it validates itself upon why aren’t you me/thus look at this seeming dependence of the one on the other/but in truth if they were dependent this question to them wouldn’t have been a matter of bother countering(all laugh a lot)..you’re assembled here for a reason and a cause/all of which surrounds you only exactly now take a pause/that while you want something for yourself to be free/freedom dictates you can’t have anything thus your own self too who is the one to define this whole idea of bondage why aren’t you me countering..”
Norton’s mom(scream) : “LEAVE ME YOU..(shout)..PAT..(loses consciousness)” Norton(scream) : “you b..”
Tantrum : “care Mr Norton look at you caring not for yourself now just an existential glitch..countering(all laugh a lot)..this idea of something Mr Norton is right their in your very veins/where you want to rule yourself being you thus ever another you need like your own self TO REIGN..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING)..(all including Norton bemused)..this idea never there yet deluding you ever to and fro/that it’s me and nothing else thus the idea of me becomes another thus the idea of nothing watches over you like the elusive crow(all laugh a lot)/thus you want to become yourself or the other just to get away from the opposite only to be boundless the idea elusive ever like a seed ever always is incessant to grow/this whole idea of being thus is fundamentally dual but essentially real look you’re countering yourself just like a pro(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..then there is another ever ego alas pervades/you want to be another not you thus you in your sanity ever invades(all laugh a lot)/this idea of ego is indeed a dual sword/you can’t cut or embrace it at all ever hence never afford..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus in the states of mind no matter what across planes or lives if you know you’re me/you will eventually fall asleep trying to counter thee(all laugh a lot)/thus try to know that you’re not hence you need to be thee/just as you become that you only counter yourself by being me(all laugh a lot)/thus always starts the chain of effective sanity(all laugh a lot)/veiling itself as me while having this idea to reference it welcome vanity(all laugh)/this will be too long compeers this is just the preamble to reality/never existent unless you want it thus separated welcome TO SANITY..COUNTERING(all laugh a lot)”
Someone coming in(scowl) : “i’m the owner of this place Mr Cotton why have 13 different substances no effect on you(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Tantrum : “it’s so cause I never asked them of my PSYCHOPHYSIOEMOTIONAL existence on whose whose beau countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..you will stay here Team Mr Cotton(all laugh)/i know you just as the grass knows the cattle the VULTURE the MUTTON(all laugh a lot,cheers for VULTURE FRONTIER)/they let it dry up to invite more and more by means of insects and all the transformation or mass from ENERGY rather than stopping only after the MASS hence lets it be rotten(all laugh a lot)/thus rolls over the cycle of causality Mr Cotton time just a self reference to counter it from being of no essence THUS begotten(all laugh a lot)..yeah except Mr Norton and his relation rest of you may leave thanks(all laugh a lot)..right but you Mr Cotton please thus stay here and rejoice in this glee/hailing the vultures everywhere the BEST declare what’s effective VANITY(all laugh a lot)..this idea of infinite the galore of so much more/comes only when something not so makes you so bore(all laugh a lot)/thus starts this trail of duality ever elusive in CORE/that what’s self contradictory for that has to be dual in essence despite declaring it to be singular look you can’t define it to begin with let’s start this illusive LORE..countering(all laugh a lot)..no Mr Cotton you won’t leave till you know that it’s TIME/when you want to be free from all thus will ask wish I wasn’t mine..countering(all laugh a lot)..right Mr Norton lets talk about infirmity/this is this alas gone it now welcome to the RELATIVE sanity(all laugh a lot)/what’s a being is so cause it’s not another no never yet it wants to be another to know itself illusion isn’t the saver..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus the attempts to organize self to be always free/is only going to reduce itself into I also am thee/thus also thee hereby will be me/hence there’s no difference at all thus let’s be alas it thereby becomes dual in real welcome back to morality..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..hence honesty indeed is in never contemplating to be/thus ethical always it is to see what’s there makes the self free/from the shackles of desire the bondage of this illusion of being the great morbidity/once freedom is tasted alas it’s not honest without another ahoy ethical sanity..countering(all burst into laughter)..thus in the great echelons of frivolity or sagacity/all is constant is the idea or the viseversa that is to be be by not being me/no matter which side one wants to see/it knows itself to be so only cause of the other that’s duality..countering(all laugh a lot)..hence once there is this idea to be indeed a being/this idea of definition of it makes that dual sing/what isn’t dual is indeed real but if that’s a being/reality is only the assurance for the duality when it generates what’s deemed as a being..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..sloth and torpor if comes up in the vigilant it wants to hinder/vigilance was only in respect to those thus ever always tinder/if in reality lethargy though if was itself sufficient and so true/it would’ve defined vigilance to be it only never as it’s beau..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..thus in essence anything that’s defined as this/ever is in need of itself the other duality never miss/exactly how this illusion is just the wrist/thus ever in motion forever unless one wants to punch with the fist..countering(all burst into laughter)..hence indeed this idea of me indeed so true/is ever devoid of what it proclaims the reality thus duality is it’s beau(all laugh a lot)/the moment it’s no more it wont do these at all yes got the clue/alas then in potential it will have to BE no more welcome who is who..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus in those who have gone forth nothing really cling/as they understand this self contradiction of any that’s deemed as a thing/hence they remain salient to what’s never a being/that being not a thing makes them unbounded even being a thing..countering(all laugh a lot)..but those who aren’t so along with them is only the mirage/so many cars comes to the mechanic ever changing as is the concept or building never changes the NEED for idea of garage(all laugh a lot)/thus always whenever there is a thing/it itself will not be sound enough to exist if consciousness is so strong as it’s not a thing..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus this idea of anything or it’s self contradiction or what’s not a thing/isn’t at all worthy enough to ponder for those no matter how classified except being itself COUNTERING(all burst into laughter,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..then this idea comes that how can we at all be/exactly why there’s this idea called eternal sanity..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus action inaction result and everything that is a being/isn’t at all profitable due to being causal cause they only separate themselves from not a being unless it is so..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..thus at no moment it’s possible to know if an action is what’s it not or is it not so(all laugh a lot)/thus this idea of an idea in thoughts itself on self ever hoe..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus it’s impossible to be or not to after or before knowing it’s not so..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for self to self tickling)..thus this ego no matter itself it sufficient/to cut itself off and to heal hence it welcomes always itself to play this game cause in it it’s ever so efficient/thus if anything at all is only a reference to something else/that this is the same as well hence nothing at all anything or not a thing entails..countering(all laugh a lot)..then there is a question of helping another/if all concept is the other where the need to be bothered/but if the idea of the need is indeed perceivable or not/unless the help is there the need isn’t an illusion at all thus the needy must be NOT..countering(all laugh a lot)..hence this idea of another for the other is indeed so true/that it’s impossible to be the self as a thing unless it has duality as beau(all laugh a lot)/even if it doesn’t want to be thing/if there’s another exist being is just the reality in illusion forming a ring..countering(all laugh a lot),thus there is love unbound for all is logical/if it is indeed so you become another cause you have to be physical(all laugh a lot)/that’s the other else you can’t know what others feel/in reality though it’s only you if you know it how the others don’t exist to send you there welcome to this illusive reel..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus there’s no escape from anything no matter what you say/the moment you understand that duality you accept sorry you can no be in epiphany fractured becomes your gay/thus you again want to put everything together falling in the dual trap/seeing this self contradicting you become real just scaling of the same map..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus once a thing is done it will be dual/if it contradicts itself nothing is plausible welcome to real/but if this is real after it indeed in not/unless the duality was there duality itself couldn’t exist just another shot..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..thus this idea of any idea is indeed so true/not at all as truth is dependent on whose not it’s beau(all burst into laughter)/it could be self satisfying though even as only illusion/thus the nothingness of wholeness so nice is indeed only the causal circularity in motion..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus this moment to you indeed may be a moment/to me it could be just the reality or the reverse could be our position as reality comment/it will still be same no matter of being/thus in freedom one is bound by the same which has defined itself not self contradictory thus is a thing self countering..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..thus no matter what is what it will not matter/as if it’s a matter with it it will differ/else it’s impossible for it to be so/thus it’s not plausible hence duality being reality can’t but will implausibly no more hoe..countering(all laugh a lot)..this idea of hence thus so in indeed here feasible/it only points to something while pointing to another thus not at feasible(all laugh a lot)/duality and reality thus always in a seesaw/leaving that lands one in reality are you assured of the reality this itself the illusive thaw..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus unless the world is free I won’t be so/hence if I try to do I fall in this trap of mental crow/who watches unattached to the situation to get what is the essence/if it’s changed to reality no matter what I do I can’t lose the must losable patience..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus it will be a matter indeed if there’s any idea or not/to work on it as the duality exist for me reality said thus I you again shot(all laugh a lot)/hence anything that’s real isn’t dual the negation of viseversa thus isn’t true/yet that can’t exist with it being true how can one be not not be so thus the reality in self alas just the kids play the great PEEK-a-BOO..countering(all laugh a lot)”
Norton’s relation(very tired,crying) : “leave us please..(almost loses consciousness)..” Tantrum : “then you too are left compeer thus how can you be/if you’re a being already in each step..YOU CAN’T AT ALL BE..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..” Norton(scream) : “we thus..”
Tantrum : “find ourselves trapped cause if we’re not being/bing itself we must know else this we can’t sing/thus no matter what is what it can only be so if it’s a being/thus it can’t be at all so cause a being only contrasts itself as it’s undefined unless predefined by what’s it not..welcome to COUNTERING(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING)..hence exactly as I said Mr Norton that’s you’re not you/thus you’re another hence indeed you’re you/thus its not feasible at all to be what to speak of me or you/thus indeed these are there cause they’re not thus happiness not being sad unhappily never rue..countering(all laugh a lot)..in physical plane too thus there is this idea of matter/yet there’s this idea of generality or granularity thus it’s the same matter/specific and generals thus are in a circle/yet dependent seeing this one leaves them what’s thus the big deal for the real yet not so as it is not anything but indeed a cocktail..countering(all laugh a lot)..any positive if negated become neutral which is the same from reverse/none of them can exist without the other hence they’re contradicting the inverse(all laugh a lot)/thus it’s not true what is indeed as it’s not the not no not so(all laugh a lot)/thus indeed spins the wheel is it indeed cause it is negatively so..countering(all laugh a lot)..those gone forward stay separate from all this indeed is a fact/thus they don’t fall in this very dually real real trap(all laugh a lot)/hence they are indeed them just always free/but i’m not them being them I can’t really logically not be thee..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus it’s a flux indeed any idea that you may now have/with everything it’s always in want as it’s a thing indeed so sad/thus indeed it’s not a thing to be worried about thus it’s not sad/how can you know to be a being being not so which being thus aren’t indeed not so bad..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus you see whatever I do is getting countered as I am/thus indeed being is such a huge sham(all laugh a lot)/hence this idea against it that both do causally reveal/thus they’re not yet they are thus not being they indeed do reel..countering(all laugh a lot)..(Norton too like his relation dizzy)..right Mr Cotton both are relatively dizzy now never absolute countering(all laugh a lot)..thus they are indeed absolutely so cause they are not countering(all laugh a lot)..any logic presented as dogma Mr Cotton countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..”
Mr Cotton(scared,clutching his head) : “Toti,Burrie carry them to their rooms it’s ok you’re not the target else would’ve devoured your sanity already brush and broom countering..what am I..(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..”
(Tantrum roaming around the house with Mr Cotton whose the owner of the area) Tantrum : “nice home though I appreciate the design Mr Cotton no matter seed/the plant grows up existence so beautiful consciousness says that’s not you cause it’s another the predicament of the life span of the fruits INDEED(all laugh a lot)..” Mr Cotton(very angry) : “you b.. listen..”
Tantrum : “it’s a deal Mr Cotton you run your b.. I run my hotel thus there’s no need for this specific mental motel is it..”
Mr Cotton(frown) : “they are incurable it’s..”
Tantrum : “a question of sanity Mr Cotton not a business of vanity isn’t it..” Cotton(very angry) : “you b.. do you..”
Tantrum : “exactly why space is a trouble Mr Cotton despite the existential logic saying it’s the only way to be separate from your beau consciously countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Cotton(scowl) : “that for this specifics you know how to cure them as you demonstrated..” Tantrum : “I only know their method Mr Cotton who they have to procure as them that they themselves just remonstrated..countering(all laugh a lot)..Mr Cotton don’t get me wrong please allow me to sing this song just as you SHOULD now come along with me to Mr Norton and Mrs Glamour’s MIND VULTURES AHOY THIS IS A PLOY OF EPISTEMOLOGY GONE ALWAYS WITH ONTOLOGY IN CONTRAST TO THE REVERSE PROCESS DIFFERENTIATE LONGING AND SO LONG(all laugh a lot)..” (coming into Norton and Mrs Glamour’s room)
Tantrum : “this house is empty Mr Norton I hope”
Norton(frown) : “yes and I have a gun..”
Mr Cotton(a bit scared) : “um..”
Tantrum : “you should Mr Norton only if knew that it’s a pun(all laugh a lot)..” Norton(scowl) : “listen..”
Tantrum : “you’re talking sane Mr Norton where’s the phrasal kitchen(all laugh a lot)..” Norton(laughing out maniacally) : “YES..so..”
Tantrum : “let’s hoe but what of Mr Cotton”
Norton(not in sane state of mind) : “he has to leave right now else..(laughing in same way)..” (Mr Cotton tries to flee the scene)
Tantrum : “I wish you won’t be existent Mr Cotton stay here indeed silent isn’t PHYSIQUE a wonderful thing with so many function Mr Norton..”
Norton(not in sane state) : “just..”
Tantrum : “that you know it stays different to you contradicting your idea of being your most precious beau(all laugh shaking their heads)”
Norton(not in sane state) : “so be it..”
Tantrum : “what of eternity..”
Norton(scream in joy,jumping up) : “come..”
Tantrum : “I already have Mr Norton in perceptions give up your sanity(all laugh shaking their heads)..”
Norton(scream same state,trying to attack everyone barring Tantrum) : “oh this..” Tantrum : “fun Mr Norton indeed for eternity what happens when it increases stage by stage consciously..” Norton(a bit confused) : “what..”
Tantrum : “you want another Mr Norton absolutely possible through eternity without anyone else but you alas it’s never your beau unless you can imagine this ship but not the crew..this idea so sweet comes as the birds ever twit to anyone but them it’s indeed different to what they mean individual or holistic it always seem that this idea itself is always another never me for whom to exist is this idea of thee thus what this idea says of ego and vanity is in reality non existent Mr Norton cause all you’re doing is to surrender yourself in the galore of sanity(all laugh shaking their heads)..that you want another always to be free and HAPPY(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for IN PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS)/you get it from yourself indeed Mr Norton the moment you become dual in the single..(extremely grave holding Norton up and looking at his eyes sternly)..WHERE’S NOW YOUR EXISTENTIAL PUPPY..”
Norton(a bit scared,trying to wriggle away) : “hey let me go..” Tantrum(letting him go) : “thus you see Mr Norton this idea of happiness ever demands you to be separated from yourself putting you in distress/hence you I thought would’ve given a thought existent only as a thought(all laugh a lot,cheers for AGE RELATED TICKLING) that any thought contradicts itself cause it’s just a thought(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT) hence the moment duality comes up I assumed you would’ve understood that it’s self contradictory thus infeasible Mr Norton now come along in reality to ask whose whose beau(all laugh a lot)..” Norton(scream) : “I..”
Tantrum : “so do I Mr Norton thus it’s of no use for contemplation/if you know what is duality you’re bound to act else duality can’t validate itself as reality the causality-agnostic manifestation/thus you’re not at all wrong by any means Mr Norton to device is self satiation/the only trouble for you is that you don’t want to act at all unlike me despite the fact that you want to be you unlike me the ephemeral due(all laugh a lot)/thus you’re searching for peace Mr Norton while understanding it as a thing/if you didn’t it would’ve been the same still cause it’s defined against itself by every means(all laugh a lot) it wants to be separate from all knowing it to be so/welcome Mr Norton to yourself the witness that very cunning pro(all laugh a lot)..that you can’t be non dual at all unless dually you first be/thus look at these two statements Mr Norton giving up the idea of sanity the thing/rejoice always thus Mr Norton being self established not contradicting thus never a being(all laugh a lot)..what I said so far since we met Mr Norton is valid mentally only COUNTERING(all burst into laughter,cheers for MASTR BRAT)..”
Norton(bemused) : “um..but then anything like me..um..is..all..” Tantrum : “this question Mr Norton who validates the reality the perceiver of duality in self contradictions gives rise to duality again the reverse too is the same hence always it’s futile to be anything but the GRASS(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE GRASS)/plant it again Mr Norton cause you know always you don’t have to nor you can cause if you know you can you first need to know that you have to(all uncontrollably laugh,..) thus this lore of the mass Mr Norton ever is so maddening expressed in this art of it’s re plantation thus why don’t you enjoy the energy it’s dual form more subtle less conforming to the norms inexistent as I said just like the need to be/thus being if constructed thus how can one not try to not be(all laugh a lot)..hence give up this sanity Mr Norton of the the GRASS/just enjoy the VULTURES sitting upon the lawn looking at you SSHH.. BEING that’s the ENERGY SO DELICIOUS THE MASS(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER)..by the way they are defined as action and reaction to the actor single but wanting himself the dual those two equivalent thus..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)” Norton(still crying) : “it’s..it’s good now but..”
Tantrum : “the next time won’t be so due to it’s fascination with difference never enough to deem it not so thus works this duality so crass/exactly why it will not be consistent here,there nowhere,past,present,beyond time or future like duality or that itself the art of planting THE GRASS(all burst into laughter)..this art so afflicting Mr Norton exactly as dies out the mass/converting itself into energy thus having predefined the equilibrium rejoices in illusion being out of it thus indeed if if it can be learnt that is in all this the only need is to be countering the idea of duality itself already countered by BEING – THE GRASS(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..why bother about another if it’s always not you thus also matter of bother(all burst into laughter)..hence when they come up next time in any subtle or concrete form/blow always this mental horn/that existence is just the corn/on the field of consciousness that’s deemed unyielding thus being dual already hence this duality the idea of being me or thee Mr Norton..(extremely grave holding Norton looking at him)..ISN’T PLAUSIBLE THUS BEING ME OR YOU THE OTHER CAN’T BE BORN..DURING TRANSACTIONS OR THE LACK OF IT THUS IN EXISTENCE DUALITY ITSELF IS THE CONSCIOUS HORN..countering(all laugh a lot)..(normally)..thus infact unless you’re not a being you can’t at all work being something as to the other they or you the self cause from THEM you’re always..(extremely grave similarly)..TORN..(normally)..thus the most basic transactions or any duality infact isn’t construable unless you become THE CROW neither the seeds nor the farmers and never THE CORN countering(all burst into laughter)”
Norton(broad smile,tears,  Tantrum) : “can I..” Tantrum(normally) : “you should bite me rather flesh and blood(all laugh)” Norton(smile,profuse tears of joy,  Tantrum very firmly) : “I remember myself now the precipitation is always there if there’s ground no matter before,during or after the flood..but water then I have to validate/against myself cause being ground I myself can’t become so or the opposite if I know it thus that no matter being or not I have to eradicate(laugh)..but because this idea is only mental in the emotion it’s only a matter of intellectual pancake(laughing a lot)..which against the raw ingredients and the flame and that they are burned thus destroyed but here it’s edible by the same person who defined it all thus cooking itself is like COUNTERING(uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)” Tantrum : “mentally that is but what does this moment mean to you philosophically though(Norton uncontrollably laughs)..(all burst into laughter)..so what should you do next time you see your sis..” Norton(laughing a lot) : “this time it’s not the food or the utensil or the cook or the eater or anyone plausible as dual but just the idea of duality itself ever vague thus never anything but real the democratization of vague that’s THE SUBTLE MEANING OF A DISH(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheer for ROCK JACKAL ROCK,Tracey shakes his head laughing,Brock slaps himself laughing,Daisy and Violet uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits of laughter)” Tantrum : “mentally though(all laugh a lot)..”
Norton(laughing a lot) : “and..and then if it’s mental or physical respectively it’s said emotionally or physically the indifference between a scythe a sickle and a hoe(bursts into laughter)..(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Stash,Seth and Gary cheer for Mr Famine Fight,all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Tantrum : “mentally that is(all laugh a lot),anyway,you gun has been emptied at the ground or the roof here each time people feel sad they look up or down never beside vanishes the space automatic thus to validate the golden cage of trap..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for mega-RESHIRAM)..so to end your psychophysical problems are just exclusivity : sanity’s bad stomached nap..ever after best of tastes thus validating them to be unique and precious to use less..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..so same for her hence wake your mom up Mr Arnold just deep in actions in her subconscious..”
Arnold(smile,tendering Mrs Glamour) : “mom..”
Mrs Glamour(waking up after a few moments,clutching her head) : “who..” Arnold(tenderly) : “it’s me mom..Noldie..”
Mrs Glamour(bit scare) : “who the hell..”
Tantrum : “welcome to sanity Mrs Elanor Gubanijet Bofaset..(extremely grave looking at Elanor)..COUNTERING..(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE VULTURE DEALER,..)”
Elanor(bit confused and scared) : “who..(scream)..NO..(a bit calmed down,crying)..what is..” Tantrum : “exactly what aunty unless you know yourself to start with the EFFECTIVE sanity(all laugh a lot)..” Elanor(clutching her head in much pain,crying) : “shut up you b.. Pat..he..those..” Tantrum : “knows..any sides directed(all un..)..but you know those days in defeat were much more..shh..schemin' now only application of attempt..defeat..sigh indeed so victory prone(all un..,..Remix Own,#,..)..it has been long past aunty be at present/gross and subtlety goes hand in hand why bother what is actually present if you know both to be you in reflection defined by you as a norm hence only the refraction..contradiction doesn’t separate you from being a being/reflection never assures you that you’re a thing/intuition never represents you as your own host/anything that’s mental ever validates you never the case for those beings defined as PURE GHOSTS(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..look at the outside my dear and bro and aunty/this is that time of the day/when difference puts on soul no more bounty/consciousness and existence becomes one LOGIC hence play(all laugh a lot,cheers for DARK NIGHT)..” Elanor(smile,shivering voice,crying,  Tantrum) : “who..” Tantrum : “shuu..Bounty you Bedlam/Oven Lighting alll/find meaning or Bounty/Oven Lighting..oh Bedlam Hunter's Charity(all un..,..Bounty Hunter,#,..)..anyway this is more systematic than thematic(all un..,..Suit Sweet,#,..)..as I just said before aunty this idea of closure might go through the wrong channels/thus the result is perceivable by means of logic only devoid of sanity else it will only say it’s winter thus you need to put on flannels(all laugh a lot)/winter or cold won’t matter it’s about the idea of body/it’s not at all soothing or precious full of pollution exactly like mind and it’s moods this consciousness unless precious existence would’ve been shoddy..countering(all laugh a lot)..” Elanor(in same pose same condition) : “thus no matter what time dictates it’s causal if it’s known as another how can you have at all a body..thanks honey..” Tantrum : “it’s wrong again isn’t it aunty that only to refer what’s abstract can you define physical money(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/thus only mathematics comes to quantify the abstract sweetness this idea wouldve been so nice but alas it’s untenable unless I define HONEY(all laugh a lot)/thus sweetness itself can’t be defined actually thus the being and it’s unbinding just the hunter and the illusion of bunny/never present here look at those VULTURES waiting around despite knowing it might be all fruitless till they die or is preyed next moment human emotion aunty is indeed never canny(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURE THRILLER)..mentally though(all burst into laughter)..” Elanor(laughing patting Tantrum) : “I only wish I had a brat of a bro or later a son like you dear it must’ve been something for your mom or nanny(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “ontologically(both Elanor and Arnold bursts into laughter)..Mr Cotton how are you(all laugh a lot)..” Cotton(very scared still) : “this all is a ploy..”
Tantrum : “ofcourse Mr Cotton reality is only dual to provide the plaything seeking what from being represented by sanity forever roams a baby boy COUNTERING(Arnold and Elanor uncontrollably laugh)..(all burst into laughter,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND)”
Cotton(still scared) : “just leave me alright..”
Tantrum : “be specific Mr Cotton they are professionals(all laugh a lot)..” Mr Cotton(irritated,scared) : “fare enough..come along..” Tantrum : “you will Mr Cotton in least time with all imaginable from your state of sanity gross and subtle memories and medicines you know the dreams never disturb the dreamer(all laugh a lot)” (Mr Cotton goes outside after Arnold opens the door) Tantrum(normally) : “right aunty about specifications anything left of your own in terms of property or something..” Elanor(a bit sad) : “um..no I don’t think so dear..”
Tantrum : “I see have you ever read a piece in a few years you too Noldie named ‘sorrow : beside the effects of sanity’(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Arnold(very happy) : “YES!LASTLY A Critically PROFESSIONAL TRYRANTUM(all laugh a lot)..(both Elanor and Arnold laugh)..man it was unthinkable stuff what it meant and how it was presented exactly to counter it(all laugh a lot)..I read it here for a day as did mom all were put to halt even that b.. obliged after seeing the effects of sanity(all laugh a lot)..and neither me nor mom too I guess can believe this moment at all..”
Tantrum : “hence what does this moment mean to you..quasi statically though(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Elanor(beam,Arnold uncontrollably laughs) : “this is what’s never existent isn’t it son just as you said the dream doesn’t disturb the dreamer..”
Tantrum : “exactly why ultimately I guess you can appreciate the equivalence of mom and hon agnostic to the ideas dream and dreamer(all laugh)”
Elanor(broad smile,Arnold too beams) : “tha..”
Tantrum : “GUZZLE HUMDRUM(all un..,Violet..OH HUMDRUM THIS POSITION/OH GUZZLE GUZZLE RELATION,all un..)”
Elanor(laughing) : “man no wonder the vultures are having some fun(all laugh)..this one was just impossible if one can perceive to forget how that very first piece came out here,'RANDOM : THE CONSCIOUS HUMDRUM!'(all un..)..there was a phrase impossible to forget like rather than saying nice to meet you say it's an opportunity cause meeting is impossible unless the knowledge of the process is known never knowable due to absolute relativity countering the definitive provability,mentally not mathematically(all un..)”
Arnold(laugh) : “well we then were told never to talk with strangers if they said hallow from 23:00 to 4:00(all un..,Violet..personal blog first by Yellowburst,'CAUTION!VAGABONDS OF SANITY',all un..)..and well we only see a few Pidgies here Randy nothing more except Marengo offcourse mentally though(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “no today was Befigastol Valley home of Zacian and Zamazenta(all laugh a lot)..ZACI CI ZA AN I AN A/ZAMA MAZA ZENE TATA(ALL laugh..lot,..MASTER BRAT)..right there won't a revolution now PHYSICALLY(all un..)..normal/fairy/steel/psychic and fight/fairy/steel/psychic,pseudo-legends vigil of the zeal to keep any feel separate from the idea of the same else it’s impossible to cook any tasty meal countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..you may search them up in your systems you have Noldie don’t you..” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “yeah but have to counter is like whose whose beau(all laugh)..but um..you know a few have guns and all that if they get close to you it’s another thing but if..” Tantrum : “have no suspicion over the movements of Mr Cotton/He cooks the best meals for himself the intelligence not knowing the goat of ecstasy if was captured or shot by mind only DISCRIMINATION the mutton(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..hence anyone even by mistake may have a go at the PHYSIQUE/even if they don’t know the mistake they will like if it’s executed perfectly thus ever satiated in himself unless he wants to know it ALAS he must cause it’s difference THE REAL DISEASE(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..anything else(all burst into laughter)..” Elanor(smile) : “you’ve been injured yourself dear no matter get a good treatment..” Tantrum : “PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..(both Arnold and Elanor laugh a lot)..hence they shoot me ever with the mental arrows/cause if physically i’m no more in their minds being them indifferent in difference i’ll ever harrow(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)/thus irrespective of knowledge this birth itself is the biggest sorrow/the mutton of being stuck at reality obstructing the the most DELICIOUS mental marrow..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for NO PROGRESS IF BORN)..” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “man I wish I met you at school(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “well before you got admitted may be I left it those days you know the dreaming of intelligence being so foolish..countering(all burst into laughter)..” Arnold(laughing) : “well for your age it must be like 18/19 years ago already(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “far more across time(all laugh a lot) as never realized the reason for passing any moral paper of any honest semester if in the next you can give it ethically afterall(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..exactly why they exhort the system present in mind that never calls but ever does recall(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..thus the next time you go out you know you will see many things that you will have to experience hands-on/but it won’t matter at all still cause being is defined as reality that’s spot on..countering(all burst into laughter)..hence here there anywhere or beyond it all/hail the vultures insinuating that there’s no existence at all consciousness being a being becomes unhappy itself hence changes the semester spring and fall..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..any presence of axioms(all burst into laughter)..” Elanor(laughing) : “no well beyond being hands-on..” Tantrum : “etymologically(all burst into laughter)..but what are the plans now..” Elanor(laughing a lot) : “no matter it will be hard to even be myself now(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “causally(all burst into laughter)..”
Arnold(laugh) : “yeah I understand now what would’ve happened to me if these were taught at school like it’s the same no matter which gear you’re at thus it’s like..yeah I recall another piece this one only I read after that ‘progress : the confession of morality’(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..man no wonder our states of sanity was just a figment of the illusive vulture business now even to us(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE VULTURE FRONTIER)..and no mom it’s as ever no matter from which point you read you’ll get it first may be in varying degrees but that itself counters itself(all laugh a lot)..and it’s all same each piece that we again heard today it’s like the same everywere beyond anything and if it is then as he said just the vultures in business countering(all laugh a lot)..”
Elanor(laugh) : “well Pat would’ve left his profession if these sort of solutions were there for us(all laugh a lot)..and no all these years of despondency of mine I don’t feel it at all cause at the end he me and all these it’s like..”
Tantrum : “PHYSIQUE NOW YOU GET READY WITH A STANDARD MEAL/CAUSE I WANT TO WORK IN YOUR PLANE CAUSE I ONLY SO FEEL(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for JUST SPIN THE DASHING WHEEL,Brock pulls his hairs slapping himself simultaneously,..)/THEN OH MIND NOW YOU GET CONCENTRATED CAUSE I SPECIFIED THIS GENERALITY AS ONE/THUS NOW I ONLY AM UNPERTURBED UNDER-WATER BUT DON’T STARVE THERE like those who are born in water but are eaten by that amphibious alias VERY CUNNING INDIFFERENT SWAN(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)”
Elanor(smile) : “thanks dear much from my part still and you uncle Mr..” Tantrum : “it’s alright aunty you don’t have to differentiate your heart to random strangers no matter it’s alright live in equal spheres here and there everywhere it’s alright i know uncle physically too..for clarification on abstraction you see beyond the senses what lies is not reality..shh..just to be countering(all un..,..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..)..
beep beep beep oh if tip one/bit bit it go seep of want/tick click pick lick till dings one/beep beep tick if crisscross want..
anyway those were the present days..shh..so editable(all un..,..Aim Blurred,#,..).."
Elanor(laughing,Arnold un..) : "man i'm so happy i didn't hear this song or were greeted with this sort of yonder of sense's self validation the mechanisms of it thus(all laugh..lot,..The Backlog Bits,#,..)"
Tantrum : "The Backlog Bits indeed..GGGHHGHG..Unto Murmur Oh Upto Concur your me(all un..,..GH Comes Gone,#,..)..for absolutely any kind of information physical ones(all un..) that can be validated by third persons never fourth hence innumerable to prove each other right thus failing mentally though(all un..) there are certain authorities who charges an amount claiming being dual they can stop the elusive FIGHT(all burst into laughter,cheers for SOCIETY)..they will have to unearth anything by means of what is their jurisdiction but if they push people unfairly they being different in their premise fall in the cycle of PROFESSIOANL contradiction..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..and well the opposite side is just opposite which is their ethics for the same reason countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..you may search up Noldie this piece from CERULEAN of all places(all laugh a lot,Stash cheers for WATERFIRE)..’personality : the homelessness of pure sanity’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,all Waterflower the sisters..cheers for MASTER BRATS)..this is the same reason why you’ll get the best of treatments too there are a few people in and out of profession too much money too much security and no money just the purest geniality combined they create this grand SOCIETY(all laugh a lot,cheers for JUBILEE HANDS-ON) where there’s always enough yet not the difference between necessary and necessity(all laugh a lot) hence you will get the treatment no matter the quality none mathematically measured the quantity of the idea of rue/cause that’s where the spirit lies like sun in the darkness only to rise up the best thus dispelling darkness which if known then ask around only in unknown thus only statistically whose whose beau..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “God bless the psychiatrists(all laugh a lot)..but um..i’m just curious Randy how have you maintained this physique mentally(all burst into laughter)..like despite what you prefer doing..” Tantrum : “physique is there for you to see/mind is there to testify it’s just me/hence I want myself thus have to call you thee/if I do the opposite only me i’ll again see/in the ocean of difference if mind is a boat/the waves are emotions ever the colour of water only an illusive coat/to move the boat there’s a need to be me thus not me/a rock being able to float in ocean for no reason and the reverse being ocean floating on the seabed the rock of reality..if one wants to why why one will again fall into existential sanity(all laugh a lot)..there’s a legend esque tell that knowing this as the conscious illusion never tries to be rock/water a Drednaw floating around not by actions but by asking why aren’t you just me..countering..(Arnold and Elanor uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..” Elanor(laughing) : “man it just feels that no emotions can ever match being devoid of sanity(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “exactly why there mustn’t be the question why aren’t you just me..countering(all burst into laughter)” Arnold(laughing) : “yeah I just hope that the Pokemons are getting prepared too to understand these without human emotions mentally yeah(all laugh a lot,..TYRAniTAR)..and well about the plans beyond that I don’t know Randy city resting estate then I have to seek a job I completed my middle school so atleast I know something..but don’t know ‘man have to see a doctor first as you yourself said it’s not going to be easy the physical part..” Elanor(smile) : “i’ll just pass my days there Randy or what not much are left I can already feel the physical trouble right now just that it doesn’t have any meaning anymore cause meanings to the whole idea of language is only the vain(all laugh a lot,cheers for THE MEANING)..” Tantrum : “well firstly Noldie the reason one plans by days,years,subjects,objects or anything is because of desire to be/tense both existentially and grammatically asks consciousness ever present to validate the changing thus you’re no more me..countering(all burst into laughter) hence this sanity of desire must be given up to be FREE(all laugh a lot) mentally that is(all burst into laughter)..(Arnold and Elanor both laugh a lot)..hence it’s a matter of suitability in the gross/found best at individuals and their peers the fern isn’t dependent on the existence of moss..countering(all burst into laughter)..” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “well I really am curious as to if you have any plans ever mentally that is(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “well I did when I was of your age billenias back not in this one physics would tell you what(all laugh a lot) I tried to plan to chew my meal physically abjectly failed though mentally(all un..,..)..cause it was matter existent intellectually that it’s healthy rooted in my consciousness that because i’m only me I wanted to BE RATIONALLY(all burst into laughter)..thus I thought that this idea of being isn’t suitable logically hence I tried to not be where I abjectly failed cause I was existent as not me reliably(all burst into laughter) hence I realized that this idea of being and not so in this way is only existent for the CUNNING fashionably(all un..,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Elanor(laughing a lot) : “man I realize in my younger days what would’ve happened to my ideas if I came across A Random Tryrantum yeah proverbially(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “where grammar doesn’t need to deem the determiner definitively(all un..,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM,..) and it’s treatable as defined long as death isn’t present PSYCHOPHYSICALLY(all un..,..) isn’t it so Mr Cotton why did you knock this time PHYSICALLY(all laugh a lot)..” Mr Cotton(coming in,irritated) : “unless I did I would’ve been introduced to horrendous self inflicted mental pain consciously(all laugh a lot)..here’s the money and the rest here whatever this..” Arnold and Elanor(frown) : “past be at present(all laugh)..” Tantrum : “look at the FUTURE Mr Cotton INTELLECT to DIFFERENCE is ever the adjective regent(all laugh)..” Mr Cotton(irritated) : “just get the hell out of here..yeah this is your cab fare(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “they’re resigning Mr Cotton not fired are they first you speak of your gratitude with proper disposition then only they will say their cause a provider is in the bigger need to survive not the seeker countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Mr Cotton(somehow) : “yeah thanks Mrs Elanor and Mr Arnold I accept your resignation and wish for your best health and future wholeheartedly..” Tantrum : “Noldie you know the rules don’t you of ‘allegories : the temerity of dual discussions’(all un..,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..” Arnold(smile) : “I have to Randy no matter he fed us..thanks Mr Cotton” Elanor(smile) : “and for keeping us alive thus far too so thanks too from my side Mr Cotton wholeheartedly..” Tantrum : “indeed now the thanks from my part for keeping my bro and aunty HAPPY..countering(all laugh a lot,..)..as you said Noldie of those Pidgies..now hear what they say in REALITY..countering(all laugh a lot)..
In your mind unknown..
we walk beyond lone..
thus we live to erase the word illusory..
our battle scars..
translators help show the brats we are(all burst into laughter) as there we force to tickle your mind out as it’s illusory(all laugh a lot)..
Thus of your self be afraid..
as that’s illusion as is the fear thus we play..(all laugh a lot,Stash and Seth cheer for THEN NO NAME NOW JUST A LOGICAL GAME,all cheers for LEADING ROCK,Brock slaps himself laughing)
thus to make your last sane day as you want today thus tomorrow as yesterday(all laugh a lot) So now hear our voice..
This illusion of being has become our CHOICE(all laugh a lot,cheers for CHOICED BRATS) It’s distribution’s time to redistribute it(all laugh a lot) WE’RE ONE
HENCE NOT QUANTIFIABLE AS ONE
THUS NOT QUALIFIED AS THE ONE
HENCE NOT BEING DUAL SO WE’LL BE ONE THUS WILL STAND TOGETHER(all laugh a lot)
Number One
Thus Not numbered one(all laugh a lot)
THE HOLISTIC ONES(all laugh a lot)
We’re one
thus never just one
thus ever one
Thus we ever live for never(all laugh a lot)
We’re one
Thus we DON’T TIRE
Thus we DON’T TIRE
Thus we DON’T TIRE..(all laugh a lot cheers for choiced brats)” (Police cab makes the signals just as the song finishes) Mr Cotton(scowl) : “so it’s a ploy them hum..”
Tantrum : “boys break it before I finish else the heard of Growlith..sh..dashing dashing rock(all laugh a lot,..that feeling,Brock slaps..)..(Police breaks the door)..never becomes IT..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..right so compeers how was the last 3 lines and it’s far reached ramifications but most importantly what does this moment mean to you beau..in terms of vision though(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY RANDOM)..”
Police : “yeah Mr Arnold and Mrs Elanor you’ll not be treated with regards to what was,is and will be logically implausible in three times as this whole arrangement and and ideas you can and will understand is beneficial to us as much as he just explained countering(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “by the way Mr Cotton about your plans you see we need a cab not going to the moon(all uncontrollably laugh,..)/there’s a law of time Mr Cotton defined by you only if it’s now then indeed it’s soon countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..”
Mr Cotton(frown) : “yeah but if I see..”
Tantrum : “didn’t you record these Mr Cotton(all burst into laughter)” Mr Cotton(angry,shout) : “you b..”
Tantrum : “correction change the form,’action : the reticence of honesty’..anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..no..thanks(all laugh a lot)..and that’s not the answer is it Mr Cotton rather negatively countering(all burst into laughter)..”
Mr Cotton(grumble) : “yeah it’s recorded cause..um..i’ll require it for um..motivation(all burst into laughter)”
Arnold and Elanor(very happy joyous cheer) : “COUNTERING(all laugh a lot)..” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “and this is in front of the Police thus legally signed too no matter what they say as well as they hear it countering(all laugh a lot)” Tantrum : “but don’t worry about necessities Noldie..you’re not going out of here alone because of this whole arrangement as it can be insinuating to you still isn’t it Mr Cotton tell confirm your call you see these boys here charges a fee from you too in reverse and in these situations boasting their genders thus from the compliments too in all sense of the words convolving(all burst into laughter) hence can’t ever fall..countering(all burst into laughter) but for them as I said notwithstanding tomorrow as their phone will have a specific use of the word ring..MADDENING(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND)..yeah you can recall Mr Cotton INDEED..lexicon and good or bad language you see by itself ever countering(all burst into laughter)..anyway no rush Noldie take your time they have patience infinite so sweet/the birds next year will return again the Pidgies you mentioned don’t agree to the downstairs thus says if something is already known to be so how can you at all no matter the desire quit countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..after you finish help them and yourself Mr Cotton with the Police(all laugh a lot)/who are ever vigilant most honestly isn’t it Vikkie,gang and especially you boys who are hearing this VIA sorry don’t neglect your duty as that’s improfessional YEAH(all laugh a lot) that for all of you it’s self contradictory only to not forget what’s not required to remember especially to already specifically oriented ones a trait ever cultivated by the FOOLISH(all laugh a lot a shaking their heads)” some among the Police : “yeah i’ll see how except you and your hands-on others in your group remain single you f.. b..(Arnold and Elanor uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all burst into laughter,Cuong,Seth and Gary uncontrollably laugh in tears and fits of laughter,Stash cheers for years go by/being here then nigh/there it’s said this is me thus marginally never thee can pass by/thus being you I bite me hence consciousness hallow never hi,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..” Tantrum : “countering(all burst into laughter,cheers for MASTER BRAT)..GGG..GGGGG/UUUU/G..HHHH..G/Why why why conscious nuzzle me..”
Mr Cotton&many other lackeys(giggle) : "Unto Murmur Murmur..into into thee/ei/humdrum humdrum be/Oh SoS Oh Police whose your validation's me.."
Polices(giggle) : "Upto Concur over who nuzzle me/ei/GGGG-Ing..in-to into see..(with Mr Cotton and gang all giggle)..uuu..random random ME/wherever whoseever conscious why nuzzle your me..uuu..G..GGGG..HH..G/shuu..Upto Upto Concur left over see/ei/GGGG..Humdrum left if me#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,"
Juniper(very angry,was escorting) : "the least excusin-G yeah move it#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,.."
...(later as they go,two other persons like Arnold and Elanor wanted to leave as well one male another female..) Tantrum : “right send them to the proper places/i’m sure Mr Cotton your assistants will witness that they stood here the whole time we were out..after that these boys know they only came for subscription as you noticed there is a case against Rimsable police by Yellowburst Prison authority ofcourse(all laugh a lot) that they take illegal subscriptions thus this is just for protection as both sides now know how to make it work better for your own professionally magnificent personally against duality another way to ponder no matter in contrary to the posit of it being the most efficient..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..and the ones going out will forget it but can’t help if they are contacted by others here later for that you need to be vigilant efficiency in profession Mr Cotton is honesty’s fragility..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..and this includes your relation to pokemons too thus any emotion disturbing human logic(all burst into laughter)..” Mr Cotton(very angry) : “just get the f.. out of here with all these..anyway..(all laugh a lot)..yeah i’m arranging their money and the rest too right now I have to else it will tickle me mentally(all laugh a lot)..if I see one so and so out of you 4 ANYWHERE PHYSICALLY i’ll see how you escape the POLICE MENTALLY..thanks(all burst into laughter)..” Tantrum : “countering(all burst into laughter)”
Mr Cotton&Gang(giggle) : "shuu..Unto Murmur murmur..into why..shuu..nuzzle me..shuu..GHGH..GH Comes oh Gone see#..GH Comes Gone,#,.."
...(later at hospital Arnold and Elanor both will require treatment,Mr Wolfgang present with Tantrum,Tantrum came much later with the two other people were given the money and all then had to communicate with many so so far refused treatment so far now a doctor is checking,Mr Wolfgang is present)..
Doctor : “we have no idea how he is surviving still Mr Wolfgang with all these substances and hits and scratches and all given the pollution in his blood and still the appearance being intact thus far for a full day now especially after seeing the other report just 10 days back(all laugh a lot)”
Tantrum : “I would’ve said the same for you if we exchanged places as you here this understand the logical spell messes(all laugh a lot)..
FIGHT NOW FIGHT NOW FIGHT NOW FIGHT THIS DELIGHT IS JUST THE PLIGHT THUS NOW FIGHT DEFINE AGAIN AND JUST FIGHT(all burst into laughter,cheers for SOCIETY,..) FIGHTING EVER
THUS IT ISN’T NEVER
HENCE LETS REMOVE THAT IDEA TOO BEING CLEVER 
DEFINING NOT BRAVE OR BRAVE AS BRAVER(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CIVILIZATION) OH GIVE ME FIGHT DON’T STOP THUS THIS PLIGHT OF THE VULTURES THE GREAT JOY OF THIS DANGEROUS FLIGHT THUS WHAT’S THERE SEPARATE THUS AS NOT BEING ANYTHING BUT FIGHT(all laugh a lot,cheers for FIGHT IN LIFE THUS FIRE THIS LIFE,Stash and Seth cheers for IDEAL EMBOAR)..
thus you see compeers this only means someone in reality itself can’t stay stable as it’s implausible it is indeed a fight inexistent being not so..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)..thus this psychophysical plight now will be showing if doesn’t then still they are potent thus far thus they were in one state countered there now will be psychophysical too as the basic movements will be thus impeded and the tangible disgust of the others or compassion for the melting physique adding to emotional counters knowing all only are understandable as so dual thus this extra angst all the while knowing it’s not true yet being trapped knowing it there the reverse as not whose whose beau..countering(all laugh a lot) and this whole idea Gyre is only the idea that you heard that this is countering rhyming with any seesaw bet winner pay denied half couple relatively heavyweight association parking lot manager’s servant post entrance exam topper Ursaring isn’t it(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRAT)”
Wolfgang(laugh) : “yeah just treat him well you see this is your payment as goes the idea of mental money..countering(all burst into laughter)”
Doctor : “yeah we understand how our strain and all psychophysical is converted into the ideas of Vultures who ever enthrall the most engaging(all burst into laughter) and also we know the piece tomorrow as well as you were told ‘mind : the temerity of freedom’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for Tickle Mastery) and yeah this too is countering the universal ego in  the process too only countering(all laugh a lot)”
(later after basic treatment,Tantrum requires lot more treatment) 
Wolfgang(a bit concerned) : “I could’ve arranged myself why do you want to alarm Cerulean of all places most hostile to you(all laugh a lot,Seth and Stash cheer for DAISYDAISYL,..)” Tantrum : “Cerulean isn't hostile we all know but whom you're pointing to are hostile..against clarity because clarifies only given not even hence(all un..,..WaterFire,#,..)..because these processes are best executed either though happiness or through contemplation happiness with their experience only on the onset was ok but contemplation isn’t possible with vultures you see thus they have to be kept at Cerulean for proper processes further..but that is of a relativity in reality the WaterFire clan is agnostic of verifiability(all un..,..Sensational Sinisters,#,..” Wolfgang(smile) : “i’m just worried about your physique..(laughing..)..about the Sensational Sinisters it's always known that they don't like many things like actuality,intelligence,certainty,conditionals and knowledge(all un..,..WaterFire,#,..)” 
Tantrum : “Oh Gyre Gyre destination/oh Gyre did you feel it's such a logical not mental fascination(all un..)..
that's the subtle thus rest is assured(all burst..) that it doesn’t matter the strains of sanity ever the best cater all hail the vultures of plurality veiling laxity gyrating now LOOKING to MATTER(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..mentally that is but what does this moment insinuate to you..emotionally though(Mr Wolfgang laughs a lot shaking his head)..(all burst into laughter)..
oh Gure Gyre chasing ego/oh Gyre connects dashing who and ohs/oh Gyre Gyre inquiry/Oh Gyre points not you parry#..what not happy fair enough i thought of existence#..Guzzle Humdrum,#,..”
Wolf(scowl) : "the most tacit move it#..Upto Concur,#,.."
(at Rimsable hospital few days later at midnight,Phantom comes to visit Tantrum and also Arnold and Elanor who are a bit better now all kept at same same) Security : “um..excuse us Sir but this is not the visiting hours it’s midnight now..(all laugh a lot)” Phantom : “it’s a problem for you that you wish to solve/thus if it’s solved you indeed no more in the solution involve/but if the solution was generic it would’ve been impossible for any more problems to exist thus convolve/but as it’s then defined as not a being there here thus problems have to hence won’t ever devolve..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..” Security : “right it’s night we just saw a Phantom thus never physical ever imagination..” Phantom(just as they finish) : “countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)” (Phantom roaming around the hospital)
Security : "right..Seth Ketchum footnote..we're just being honest to memory#..Colony Monogram,#,.."
Phantom(singing) : “DEATH!
DEATH DEATH DEATH...DEATH DEATH!(all laugh a lot shaking their heads,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..”
DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH...DEATH DEATH! When you no more have HEALTH!..
But when life is here,death don’t stare,yet health isn’t mere,says all there,all you would do is to just ever steer away..
Yet when death is clear,none comes back here yet while here,they don’t know how would it be there,thus by their definition unlike death now by life they’ve only been left..(all laugh shaking their heads)
While living here defined by actions in potential mere one wants bear the difference that at death is said to be no more there yet it’s defined against life thus only death(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)
When health is here,wealth is here,yet defining it to be in perpetual motion there and here,one wants to live by defining death(all laugh a lot)..
Thus what they mean by is only that this they won’t any more possess(all laugh a lot) Thus those who can define life,death to them is only the strife,of equilibrium that logic can’t not might,shun away(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM) Thus it’s action here,action there,action isn’t mere,action bear life or death..
One wants to act,when they want to hack,the indifference being different to it hence this is a fact,that there’s no start or hence to this elusive pact(all laugh a lot)
Thus it’s a stealth,when there’s no health,since it’s the wealth that is defined as breath which says it has a process,that these can mess hence can ever go away(all laugh a lot)
Thus this action,life just faction,death is it’s traction to bring action back in the equation of duality to keep duality logical in it’s fight with reality equating the sway(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)
Thus those who want to live,can’t ever forgive,for eternity thus conceive,that death is in their way(all laugh a lot)
When they are dead,they don’t like that it’s ready made,cause it’s defined with life thus the reverse does confess to act in the form of HELP(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)
Which isn’t here unless the need be there that is here cause need is another ever as it can’t fare unless there’s two thus in the eternal sway(all laugh a lot)
Thus death death go away(all laugh a lot)
come here another day,when we want to play,the game defining the idea of may before that don’t come out of the inexistent way(all laugh a lot)
any way is dual,thus also goes to real,hence only comes back,cause it isn’t real unless it’s dual to define real and the viseversa is in this way(all laugh a lot)
Thus if found here,the opportunity isn’t mere,to have a fear,of the self yet that’s defined as dear against the idea of fear thus it’s ever the self sufficient thus inefficient a way(all laugh a lot)
To get out of this bay..
the bay isn’t real,hence let’s play for eternity in what’s ideal,thus ever unreal,hence hail thus duality in ordeal with me that’s the self..
(Phantom enters Tantrum’s room)
thus it’s great help if not just contrasting it-self that may I get the help to know if randomly a Tryrantum is AWAKE(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..”
Someone : “um..sir it’s ok the staffs aren’t complaining anymore about the song but..(all laugh a lot)”
Phantom(going to Tantrum,loudly but very slowly as Arnold and Elanor too are kept they were awake) : “
Thus let’s play this game,no ego no shame,as anything if or if not defined as pain the vultures do gain a point(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURE THRILLER)
A Doctor : “um..please they aren’t..um..nothing sorry..(Elanor and Arnold were in much physical pain so was behaving a bit erratically before at times but now wholeheartedly burst into laughter)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,TICKLE MASTERY)..”
Tantrum(waking up) : “That isn’t here,thus known to be not even mere,thus Vultures hear,i’m ever there,alas among the vultures only you’re falling again(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURE FRONTIER)
Thus oh this fun,lets be hence run,to not be at all thus again re-fall,only to counter this way(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRATS)
This thus no pun,truly so fun,there’s all thus hence none,can’t stop or run,look duality’s falling away(all laugh a lot)
Thus due to looking it’s only for the vultures to gain this sway(all laugh a lot) Thus oh being being let’s sing,to not be hence ring,the self to sing,that this just a dream,hence ever another that isn’t there OH THIS PLAY(all laugh a lot,cheers for PLAYBOY) OH VULTURES NOW LET’S PLAY(all laugh a lot,..)..” Phantom and Tantrum(Unison) : “NO VULTURES DON’T GO AWAY(all burst into laughter) OH LOOK AT THIS FRAY,VULTURES NOW SAY THAT THIS ANXIETY ITSELF IS YOUR WAY(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for VULTURES UNCHARTED) THUS OH VULTURES LET US PLAY!(all laugh a lot)..any complexities neglected(Elanor and Arnold uncontrollably laugh,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS WITH BRAT KETCHUMS,all un..,..)..” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “so lastly we meet a Ghastly Phantom(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom : “just hence refer,you can’t defer,that being though you prefer,you can’t point it thus yourself THE best thus only AS better..OH VULTURES LET US PLAY(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Cuong cheers for CONSCIOUSLY SWEET VULTURE,all un..,Seth and Mallow un..) “ Tantrum : “But if forward he’s looking,Is subject to dual booking,thus now in reflection cooking,knowing it’s self-reflective spooking..THUS OH VULTURES LET US PLAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Stash cheers for BABY GYARADOS,Seth and Mallow un..)” Arnold(laughing a lot) : “man I understand why I should’ve remained subject to tense looking at future(all laugh a lot)..” Elanor(laugh) : “thus in reality it was a counter wasn’t it Randy in universal domain(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)..” Tantrum : “if I knew it,then I would’ve had to know it by each bit,thus as I said I being the Vulture would’ve said not hallow but hi,to myself unlike any Darkrai..Oh Vultures LET US PLAY(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for IN-BETWEEN)” Phantom : “Darkrai is pure dark,legendary is only pseudo the mark,but this only ever hark,that distribution in singularity if both or any is defined so will ever lurk..OH VULTURES LET US PLAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A PROFESSIONAL TRYRANTUM)..” Tantrum : “IN THIS BIRTH WE,SEE THEM NO EMOTION DEFINED BY US EVEN A BIT WEE,THUS WE KNOW THEM,IN ANOTHER BIRTH AS WE AS OPPOSITE HELM,THUS THEY SHOULD CLAIM,THAT IT’S THE OPPOSITE THEM,HENCE EVEN IF WE’RE SAME,IF WE KNOW IT WE’RE LAME..HAIL THE VUTURES COME THIS WAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE VULTURE FRONTIER,..)..” Tantrum and Phantom(Unison) : “THUS OH VULTURES VULTURES PLAY!OH VULTURES VULTURES SAY!THAT IN NEGATIVE,OR IN POSITIVE,THERE IS A SAY,THAT THERE’S NO WAY,WHICH WAY DOES IT THEN CLAIM..LOOK COUNTERING THE VUTURES EXCHANGE THE MENTAL PLANE(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS,..)..THIS MOMENT OR FOR ETERNITY DEFINED BY YEAR,IT’S ALL CLEAR,THAT IF WE FEEL HERE,WE’RE NOT FEELING RATHER DIFFERENT AS WE CAN ONLY FEEL FROM THERE..HAIL THE VULTURES HERE..PLAYING A LOGICAL GAME(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock slaps himself laughing a lot)..OH VULTURES LETS PLAY THIS GAME..THAT THIS A NAME,THUS HAS TO BE CALLED TO VALIDATE ITSELF ALAS BECOMES SAME,THUS CALLING THE ACTION IS THE FORM,THAT IS EGO AN OBJECT DEFINED BY THIS DUAL NORM..OH VULTURES LET US PLAY!/OH VULTURES NOW YOU SAY!(all uncontrollably laugh,..,LASTLY A PROFESSIONAL TRYRANTUM)..any clinical paradoxes represented(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS,..)”
..................................
(as Phantom leaves the hospital a boy is waiting to meet him,..) Boy(a bit excited) : “um..excuse me..”
Phantom : “this idea of excuse is indeed what’s suffused with the idea of a DESIRE rooted in the unknown as otherwise the known isn’t known hence that itself becomes the unknown thus to achieve this desire this excuse is only the preamble to be confused..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..”
Boy(a bit confused) : “um..look I haven’t been to school ever(all laugh a lot)..but um..still as you talk as they said it’s just like..(all laugh a lot)..”
Phantom : “peripheral(all burst into laughter)..it’s cause i’m a  patient here Sir,patient of vocabulary(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for look-only-at)..anything else(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..”
Boy(bit confused) : “um..(all laugh a lot)”
Phantom : “thanks(starts to go away)..”
Boy(worried,haste) : “um..Sir please..”
Phantom : “lets move into the parks then these places are civilized PHENOMENALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
A Police(suddenly seeing the Boy) : “hey you wait..” Boy(shocked,trying to flee) : “oh no..”
Phantom(suddenly changing expression) : “stay on Sir if you need to expand yourself..” Boy(a bit startled) : “um..”
Police : “Mr Sarmad Senlovil you need to come to the station immediately..” Sarmad(very worried) : “um..please Sir just a..”
Phantom : “what are the concerns..”
Police : “he’s from Hubaritas City,Johto actually the surrounding village named Jakalopart ran away from there domestic abuse physically,mentally and emotionally that is family wide thus came to be here cause one of his friend’s brother stays here used to work at Bujinir Corp in the day in the night though used to go to the other side now permanently there hence he’s recruited too..”
Phantom : “the time lines..”
Police : “we don’t know his exact birth neither does he nor when he came here 10 times been to prison biological tests reveal the age to be now within 19-22 which he claims to be 19,we 22..his disposition fools the eyes in this case though not his physique you can see..”
Phantom : “whenever a mirror looks at me indeed(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..is this the 11th charge or the routine..”
Police : “charge..”
Phantom : “which is heaviest..”
Police : “the 10th”
Phantom : “genderous or not(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..” Police : “a p.. racket payments issues..”
Phantom : “are you alone(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DARK NIGHTS)” Police : “yes..”
Phantom : “thus feeling lone(all laugh a lot)”
Police : “i’m 24(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..” Phantom : “despite defining the process of learning to be continuous through temporal scales,in cases of successful RESCUE operations there’s a paradox that you never ask if you could do more..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)” Police : “no we got it through investigations not involved ourselves(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)” Phantom : “the convictions with which you talk did you lose to him during the chase(all laugh a lot)..” Police : “no,no such things happened..”
Phantom : “objectively(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..that’s what his landlords do I guess(all laugh a lot)..”
Police : “indeed”
Phantom : “and a man who doesn’t know how to differentiate himself from phenomenal world of relationships despite 12 years of practice can prove to us not himself that you’re not one of them or their relatives personally or professionally(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)”
Police : “not only him(all laugh a lot)”
Phantom : “cause to them to uphold us not them it can’t seem..countering(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Police : “no he hasn’t ever been charged anything regarding gend..” Phantom : “DANGERS(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Ash cheers for YEARS GO BYE/SEEING YOU AND I/AMONG THEM A FEW BECOMES THY AND MY/ONLY THE NEGATIVE OF FORMER IS ASSURED THUS HALLOW NEVER HI,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY)..what are your views Mr Sarmad on genderous convulsions(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(a bit taken aback) : “um..not it’s um..it’s um..normal(all laugh a lot) not like as you said dually only reduced to a prepositional game(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Seth cheers for A LOGICAL GAME,Brock uncontrollably laughs in tears and fits and convulsions of laughter,Cuong,Gary and Stash cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST RELATE WHICH IS HOW/THUS YOU GET TO KNOW EVERYTHING AND YOU SEPARATE THUS HOW CAN YOU SAY THEN AND NOW/THAT IT’S THE SAME JUST THAT NOW YOU KNOW MORE ABOUT DUALITY THAT’S NEVER YOU CAUSE YOU WANT IT TO YOU BOW/UNLESS YOU CAN NEVER BE YOURSELF AND REVERSE THAT PROCESS TO GET THE SAME ALL THE WHILE ISN’T IT ONLY WHAT YOUR FEELINGS ENDOW,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for DASHING ROCK,Brock hides his face laughing a lot)..” Phantom : “ME AND YOU I CAN SAY OH SO SO TRUE(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)/BUT IF FALSEHOOD DEFINED AS PROVABLE THUS CAUSALLY LINKED WITH TRUTH A CHAIN UNIMPEDED ACROSS SPATIOTEMPORAL LINE THEN whose whose BEAU(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for BEAU COUNTING)/HENCE THIS NOW TRUTH/THAT THUS IS FALSE/UNLESS IT WAS SO WHO WOULD BE YOUR BEAU(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for ARTISTIC BEAU COUNTING)/YOU WANT YOURSELF TO BE OH SO SO TRUE/THUS ONLY YOU HAVE TO BECOME DUAL TO FALSIFY THUS CREATE WHAT’S NOT YOU(all laugh a lot)/HENCE WHAT IS TRUE/ISN’T WITHOUT FALSE/BUT LOOK YOU’RE MOULDING SPACE OPPOSING YOUR DEFINED OBJECTIVELY INFALLIBLE PHYSICS AS YOUR OBJECTIVE YET ONLY SO AS DEFINED AS SUBJECTIVE BEAU(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..any anomalies detected(all uncontrollably laugh,..,Daisy cheers for Playboy Monogram,all un..)..” Sarmad(bewildered) : “um..(all laugh a lot)..”
Phantom : “take your time MENTALLY(all burst into laughter)..the paper PHYSICALLY(all burst into laughter)..”
Police(giving the paper) : “it could be hefty”
Phantom(seeing the paper a bit) : “I see attempt of burglary..then this and that..is there any loss of lives caused..”
Police : “no..”
Phantom : “ever?”
Police : “no in similar way”
Phantom : “but in this one if it happens then he’s under the charge..” Police : “indeed..”
Phantom : “is this one genderous(all unc..,..)”
Police : “yes”
Phantom : “is he directly culpable..”
Police : “no..”
Phantom : “so(all laugh a lot)..”
Police : “he helped the getaway party..”
Phantom : “phenomenally or statistically(all un..,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..”
Police : “his groups assigned calculations that he with others did turned out to be right the basic plan flopped(all laugh a lot)”
Phantom : “EXPERIMENTALLY(all unc..,..)”
Police : “um..yeah the holistic risks are what we deal with professionally not personally(all unc..,..)” Phantom : “ECCENTRIC!(all unc..,..) and pertaining to this you see because I was asked for a few moments by Mr Sarmad i’ll like you to witness them in privacy over there in the park..” Police : “no problem..”
Phantom : “you’re ALONE Sir be careful thus not LONE(all laugh a lot,cheers for ALONE THUS NOT LONE,..)”
Police : “Mr Sarmad has recorded so far and the ambushers know that the reel is only empty countering physics i’m sure(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CRAWDAUNTOGATOR)”
Phantom : “genetically(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for TICKLE MASTERY)..what you missed in your report is the emotional closure compeer..i was introduced to the wrong channels..too early(all un..,Sarmad+Natividad..Playboy Hands-On,all un..)” ..(in the park)..
Sarmad(still fits of laughter) : "man it would've been never needed our systems had any side contacted you or your clan#..Playboy Concerns,#,.."
Phantom : “they did compeer but you know i was introduced rather to lie(all un..,Sarmad+Natividad..Colony Monogram,#,..)..anyway say what you were Mr Sarmad without any concern for him/cause all along it’s a matter of causality only yet you’re the one to whom only that has to dim..countering(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(disappointed) : “no it’s ok it just left me Sir all cause of..anyway it’s ok i’ll be very happy just to listen to whatever you said so far it’s um..like..um..(all laugh a lot)..”
Phantom : “stereographic(all burst into laughter) that’s planar projection of a sphere REDUCTION of emotions from mind(all uncontrollably laugh,..) hence you mean the language I guess(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(a bit thoughtful and happier) : “um..yeah that feeling(all burst into laughter,cheers for LEADING ROCK,Brock shakes his head laughing)”
Phantom : “thus you’re pretty separated from it hence where’s the concern” Sarmad(a bit disappointed) : “um..that itself..”
Phantom : “that’s a confusion Sir not the answer(all laugh a lot,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)..”
Sarmad(thoughtful) : “um..no it’s like I want something cause I feel that’s really me then it goes away so I want it again cause then it’s really not me like I still am but as I said Sir it can’t be pinpointed can’t be touched it’s just that feeling(all laugh a lot,Cuong,Seth,Stash and Gary cheers for DIALGA DON’T BE A GAMBLER JUST FEEL IT AS YOU FEEL/WHEN YOU KNOW WHAT IS SELF CONTRADICTION FOCUS ON ONLY IT CAUSE BY DEFINITION IT CAN’T FEEL/THUS WHEN ANYTHING ELSE INCLUDING YOURSELF YOU DO WANT AS A THING I WILL ALWAYS BE SERVED AS THE MEAL/HENCE YOU WILL REMEMBER THE TASTE ONLY AS THE INGREDIENTS ARE ONLY THERE BUT NOT THAT FEEL,all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THUS OH BOULDER NOW YOU FEEL!/LEADING DASHING REEL!,..,Brock shakes his head laughing)”
Phantom : “in reality it’s of no use to be killing/anything that impedes you in abstract cause without them life is only the wrong DEALING(all burst into laughter)/cause it’s defined as an animal finding himself in a torturous cage/hence he wishes to get out of it the exact desire unless he can control is deemed as illogical rage(all burst into laughter)/hence in reality one needs to do the right things that will take them to what they want/this desire ever the great light unless that itself you want(all burst into laughter)/then it will find many objects or one to define itself and be on the roll/but look at the very desire itself the very cunning whole(all burst into laughter)/hence this whole you will ever want cause you already understand what it is(all burst into laughter)/thus you’ll dabble in fractions cause that is what makes whole to be deemed as it/in contrary these fractions will ever tell you go holistic/cause without it how can they be distinct at all exact use of cosmetics(all burst into laughter)/that if they are abstract then what you get is only the duality/defined as what’s unreal thus never allowing the unshackling of reality/alas that reality itself is what is dual/cause it’s known to be so thus a being the knowledge itself though never wants..countering(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(confused) : “um..(all laugh a lot)..”
Phantom : “when you are a thing indeed you’re true/just as you defined it alas there’s rue/cause this idea of another will ever force you to be me/that will become the other the moment you ask why are you not me(all laugh a lot)..thus this idea of this night compeer is indeed the most pure/in light you’re assured of another but here it’s not at all sure(all laugh a lot)/thus when you want to be yourself you conceive a hoe/that’s you yourself breaking you as others only to reflect the column never the row..countering(all laugh a lot)”
Sarmad(a bit disappointed) : “well I wish I couldn’t Sir but you know since day one it’s been like food the first then the later..and still now all the same..”
Phantom : “what are PHYSICAL abilities..”
Sarmad(disappointed) : “if 3 like him doesn’t have a gun or knife and doesn’t run away it will take 3 exact seconds to knock them unconscious unless they know general combat rules or a professional in impact contact”
Phantom : “are you a professional Mr Sarmad..”
Sarmad(a bit disappointed) : “um..yeah not in sports..” Phantom : “do you get paid for it..”
Sarmad(disappointed) : “just the hunger Sir and just enough to buy petty things..” Phantom : “addictions including gender(all laugh shaking their heads)” Sarmad(disappointed) : “just drinks other weaken me only..” Phantom : “that’s not the answer is it Mr Sarmad(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(disappointed) : “no it’s..”
Phantom : “if you want yourself in plural you deem yourself to be he who in this same chain wants you as referable thus sweetens it with an apostrophe achieving the apostasy of difference upends the plurality in joy thus you become she..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for PLAYBOY UNBOUND)”
Sarmad(a bit taken aback) : “um..no it wasn’t like that I just..” Phantom : “though another could be mine how is it possible Mr Sarmad when you want it as independent thus as an object or or in abstract a subject LOGICALLY(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(very happy as if jumping up in joy) : “YES!I get you Sir I get you it’s impossible any duality thus never bother about reality(all laugh a lot)..” Phantom(changing his expression,extremely grave looking into Sarmad’s eyes,himself deeply self contemplative,as if censuring himself) : “ONTOLOGICALLY(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(a bit startled) : “um..yeah thus as you said like..um..truth is what isn’t made up falsity comes up only through imputations on what’s not thus rather being truth that’s nonexistence thus one who sees that can’t deem it to be existent..thus this is all encompassing hence none can help but to be only conscious not existent hence they have to be existent afterall as they are causally linked thus the viseversa will be apparent to one part the converse to another to the self it’s just the lack of any..um..hang on a second..did I..(all laugh a lot)” Phantom(normally) : “must’ve read a recent piece,for the language ONLY,from Rimsable recently,’CONSCIOUSNESS : THE MUSTARD OF LOGIC’(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for MASTER BRATS)..” Sarmad(happy) : “um..yeah that’s what send me looking for this hospital as Pirrie said..” Phantom : “it’s Ms Perkha Gubiras I assume given the recorder(all laugh)..” Sarmad(smile) : “um..yeah only my sweet little sis understands what I want and me the same..” Phantom : “have you met Mr Arnold before..”
Sarmad(suddenly becomes solemn,frown) : “yes..” Phantom : “my job’s over here Mr Sarmad and you too compeer you may take him to the station Mr Sarmad falsified himself just now bye(becomes invisible via his Tropius heard)..(all laugh shaking their heads)” Sarmad(worried) : “um..Sir..oh no..(self absorbed)..um..Sir that wasn't really Phantom but um..Monogram right(all un..,Violet..Lastly the Playboy Following,all un..)”
Police : “..(recording)..
Win Win All/Seen and Seer fall/Into Victory/Self then Oh Worry/Phantom Phantom Lord/Hunted alas God/Oh Phantom Phantom Rest/Hunted down Else..
Phantom Phantom Lord/Hunt me Down God..
..(voice as if heard in real time)..anything desired(all un..long,..Gary..Lastly Phantom,#,..)
(recording stops)..self explained the last question especially memory never says why(all un..,..Lillie..Phantom : The Direction to Neigh,all un..)..is your question not answer thanks(all un..,Lillie..Phantom : The Adjective of Adverb,all un..)
you may go to the hospital Mr Sarmad i’ll tell them as I go out..the station won’t scare you that much irrespective of temporal scales(all laugh a lot)”
Sarmad(frown) : “I told you I don’t..”
Police(going away) : “i’ve informed the local Polices you can’t run away neither will your gang let you to either hence do as I say quickly coming in front of me if you so want and thus don’t blemish my mind with ideas thanks(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LASTLY A GHASTLY PHANTOM)”
Sarmad(grumble,self,running to catch the Policeman) : “yeah as if not thinking how to use this tool to recover the date from shambles..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THIS DAY A DATE)”
...(Sarmad goes to the room where Arnold,Elanor and Tantrum is being treated after the Policeman confirms him,Tantrum only came out of invisibility after they went to a secured place away from park following them then went up to sky to the limit to inform Tantrum very quickly then left,Tantrum only consented Sarmad to come up after that)..
Sarmad(coming in) : “um..excuse me..”
Tantrum(was awake after Phantom informed him) : “welcome Mr Sarmad Senlovil..to parabolic epistemology(all burst into laughter)..a parabola that’s action claims to be the path the desire of a point that’s emotion at fixed distance that’s intelligence and a line that’s self happening in an n dimensional that’s perceptive plane that’s attention..thus if the plane is erased all these troubles no more exist says the conception of this all appearing as mind..existentially though(all burst into laughter)..thus the answer to the validation of this is the consciousness which ironically states itself free from objects thus imputing them upon the self thus in reality if the plane was erased from the paper that’s death the parabola would’ve been far more seminal being mental thus abstract hence PURELY theoretical the crux of generality in specificity of rigour countering(all laugh a lot)..anything else(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(a bit taken aback) : “um..no Sir I understand what you mean like if there’s no being then one isn’t worried about the absence of it what to speak of presence(all laugh a lot)..but um..it’s not these what I was looking for Mr Monogram who appeared as if um..yeah Lastly Phantom status to witness relation now Phantom(all un..,..Daisy..Phantom : The Meaning of Lie,all un..) said these but he abruptly left I actually want to get into um..Pokemon profession(all laugh a lot)..”
Tantrum : “WE ALL LIVE IN A POKEMON WORLD..POKEMON!(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING,..)/BUT I’M NEITHER THEM NOR HUMANS ONLY THUS I’M ME THAT’S THE GREATEST MASTER OF THEM ALL..GREATEST MASTER(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT,all burst into laughter,.controllably laughs in tears and fits of laughter)..so you already are a master what else(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(a bit disappointed) : “um..yeah epistemologically(all laugh a lot) but um..no I still have to see a path cause I can’t just go forth like that so far from it at present infact so there must be another way for me..”
Tantrum : “well neither can I Mr Sarmad but that’s exactly why I thought of not asking why you’re no more my(all laugh a lot)..in another world I would’ve been an unemployed vagabond but they saved us Mr Sarmad giving food literal you know shelter too but then the question appears if before establishment one wants to be anything won’t they have to ask why am I not you(all laugh a lot)”
Sarmad(a bit puzzled) : “um..but..um..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “hence I say you can definitely be anything why do I matter Mr Sarmad at all unless against me you want to be you thus have to be yourself with me or be me thus ever you(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(disappointed) : “no I get you Mr Tantrum but..” Tantrum : “spontaneity is the basis of FEAR that makes you separated from what to you is dear but whenever it’s there all unpreventable it’s only mere cause you will be there still thus where’s the FEAR..countering(all laugh a lot) or even if you’re not there you’ll not be you anymore indeed a matter so clear thus if it’s already eventual that the idea of self is only imaginary thus mere how can the idea of being still persist there and here..countering(all laugh a lot)..hence fear indeed is the reason for life fear indeed is why death doesn’t want anything to do with life(all laugh a lot) fear indeed is in being or not being or in it’s contradiction thus all ever at strife thus fear is in ME only if i’m afraid of myself how does fear live there except existing in only the hype..countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for mega-SPIRITOMB,all burst into laughter,Cuong,Stash and Seth uncontrollably laugh)..(normally)..thus you see Mr Sarmad death is eventual cause this is life once known to be so starts the plight cause it’s about this and that thus may and might hence if it’s not eventual then what’s me and thee isn’t at all right..countering(all laugh a lot)..so what are you afraid of food the fish or hunger the kite..countering(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(solemn) : “well accordingly food is the source of fear of hunger(all laugh a lot) and the viseversa hence it’s not at all right..” Tantrum : “indeed Mr Sarmad hence why do you want to be like Mr Threptin hence not mentioned the connection the unpronounced hence Bite(all uncontrollably laugh,..) “ Sarmad(disappointed) : “um..no I get it but um..atleast something to know like an amateur ever(all laugh)” Tantrum : “regardless of anything in terms of caustic relation with them the only thing interesting about them is that they don’t understand human emotions and that’s it what else(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(a bit discomforted) : “um..no that’s like..(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “well one needs to pass high school or show exceptional skills in the field both of which require and infact is defined upon the idea of human emotions why(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(disappointed) : “um..no um..that’s why I know that only you,Mr Monogram or Phantom or someone from your background can help me cause um..I don’t have any degrees,home,parents,education can’t write can read with much difficulty if it’s like big passages only audiobooks I mug people petty crimes been charged 11 times and like I don’t know Mr Tantrum but I like pokemons I wanted to get into it but didn’t know how to it’s not like sports you can just turn up it’s far more dangerous and harder than just emotions as you said so you need the right EDUCATION(all laugh a lot,Seth cheers for CULTURE!,..)” Tantrum : “no more than how to distinguish phenomena from condition(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(a bit disappointed) : “um..no it’s ok then I may have to go to the direct hand combat sports itself I have had enough with this sort of glaringly self contradictory life where I want comfort but only making the path harder by moment but I don’t have any openings Mr Tantrum I went to a vocation school once of driving but even they straightaway rejected me cause of my past association or more like I didn’t stay there the only things for me is either labour jobs at the industries or farming which I did back home but that’s like even there I want to do more I want a profession that’s honest Mr Tantrum and like..” Tantrum : “you want to be you despite being so feel you’re not cause else you can’t validate yourself being so or not so..countering(all laugh a lot)” Sarmad(flustered) : “um..but..um..then but..I mean..um..but..um..this is um..countering ok..but it’s like why would anyone..um..incur this completely imaginary pain upon ownself even the worst of the other side finds it completely illogical(all laugh a lot,cheers for COUNTERING)” Tantrum : “countering(all laugh a lot,cheers for MASTER BRAT)” Sarmad(bewildered) : “um..this is like um..then there’s no escape at all but from reality which is like..” Tantrum : “a piece Mr Sarmad from Zipgarnet a few years back still there will be there forever regardless of psychophysicality Mr Sarmad cause it’s in the very first book from children or any new born that is any being(all laugh a lot) that is ‘reality : the dreg of sanity’ the first prose in the book of any primary school Stunky isn’t it Mr Sarmad isn’t it rhyming with any personal beautician Arctovish(Sarmad uncontrollably laughs,..)..(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM)..” Sarmad(laughing a lot) : “man i’ve never laughed like this my entire life(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “countering(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(laughing) : “yeah I understand why Mr Arnold isn’t talking at all despite being awake isn’t it..”
Arnold(was awake,Elanor was given medicine to sleep and shifted elsewhere,laugh) : “yeah this all is only redundant even for mom she is just 36 years older to me hence a bit hard psychophysically(all laugh a lot)..”
Sarmad(a bit surprized) : “um..”
Arnold(smile) : “long story Sarmie take you time..” Tantrum : “there’s no story in reality Mr Sarmad that is pure emotion of having found someone known amongst what’s unknown thus it was known to be so that’s unknown..countering(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(laugh) : “um..yeah I understand it’s like even my past too with that laugh all has vanished cause it’s like if I say this is my what I really mean is(laughing) why I can never be thy..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM)..man it’s a wonder how your physical appearance is like this unlike any Impidimp(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “it’s cause proportion is only the idea susceptible to anything but emotion isn’t it rhyming with Meowstic(all burst into laughter)” Sarmad(suddenly as if understanding something) : “YES!that’s the real pokemon mastery in psychic channels I get..” Tantrum : “the delirium of vanity Mr Sarmad being ever eludes(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(smile) : “um..yeah i’m going to the Police directly and telling them i’m off from my previous life that’s all..” Tantrum : “well may be but whose your legal guardian if your past is what it is psychophysically(all laugh)..” Sarmad(a bit disappointed) : “um..yeah like have to stay in custody..but it’s nothing serious Mr Tantrum it’s only petty crimes the Police knows it perfectly well..” Tantrum : “personally not professionally(all laugh a lot)..hence go down the stairs physically not mentally(all laugh a lot) check into the security room saying you’re coming mind this sentence,AWAY from a Phantom ETHICALLY(all uncontrollably laugh,..) then using their communicators in their specific waves call the Police tell them to contact you to Mr Strawberry Facepalm,the custodian of vanity thus the patient of parity..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for LET US ALL SING HIGH THAT NOTE/MR OAK!OH MR OAK!,..)” Sarmad(laughing a lot) : “um..yeah I can understand already the outcome(all laugh a lot)” Arnold(smile) : “just a sec Sarmie i’ve never met him only but that’s Lastly A Ghastly Phantom(all laugh a lot) so why don’t you call it from here take anyone’s phone they are more interested than us as these skills are never enough to hone..countering(all laugh a lot)..” Sarmad(laugh) : “um..yeah it so seems..”
A Doctor : “yeah take it Sir no troubles cause of something..” Tantrum : “tendency : the evil of clarity(all uncontrollably laugh,..cheers for A RANDOM TRYRANTUM)” Sarmad(laughing a lot) : “um..yeah surely(all laugh a lot)..but just a thing I want to know about Mr Arnold..” Arnold(smile) : “you will have to call me Noldie next time you,me and Pirrie hang out won’t you Sarmie..” Sarmad(smile) : “um..yeah I get you bro but we never knew how long was it Sir..” A Doctor : “5 years or so it takes to set in it’s heredity and then the result of a misadventure though the intentions behind were too honest and proper anyone of us would’ve done it the subsequent is just emotions,conditions and luck foremost hence his dad is no more with us physically..” Sarmad(sympathetic) : “um..I see anyway,i’m sorry Noldie I won’t say much but before(laugh) as we talk Mr Tantrum what are your thought process cause you seem to be nowhere while you were talking with us atleast had to be somewhere(all laugh a lot)..” Tantrum : “as you talk what existence says happens my consciousness tells me to be thee/thus when I ask then whose me it says if you knew would I be not you but thee..countering(all laugh a lot)..thus causality Mr Sarmad is only the auction of sanity..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Sarmad(laughing a lot) : “yeah definitely I understand where sleep and tiredness went with it(all laugh a lot)..anyway i’m calling the Police..” (Sarmad calls Police from a doctor’s phone,middle,Tantrum talks) Police : “yes speaking”
Tantrum : “connect us to Mr Strawberry Facepalm generally not specifically as for my identity just write it down i’m a waiter,waiter of attention(all uncontrollably laugh,..)”
Police : “yeah none more than us understand(all laugh a lot)..(connects them in general communication channel to Strawberry where the Doctor’s phone isn’t traceable unless the Police)..”
Strawberry : “methodical crop/general chop/of personality not when they’re in the act of hop/thus ever professionally amused by it’s variance says the fundamental law of the cop..anything else(all laugh a lot shaking their heads)..”
Police : “well if they don’t hop it will be imperative that we won’t be needed isn’t it PROFESSIONALLY(all laugh a lot)”
Strawberry : “pathologically(all burst into laughter)..” Police : “yeah enough for today here’s Mr Tantrum(all laugh a lot)..” Strawberry : “polynomially(all burst into laughter)” Tantrum : “thus when you speak with me you should realize the quality of batter of rationality of the chatter of foodies the conditions isn’t it..moral tools hallow never hi(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “hence in reverse you should be the one contesting the penology of sentiment not attesting the respiration of conscientious contingent isn’t it..ontological fools welcome never bye(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Tantrum : “existentially a runner from Johto Mr Sarmad Senlovil/no identity or education cause it never fitted the conscious bill(all laugh a lot)/thus the difference in the books of self proclaimed differentiating authority of social meals(all laugh shaking their heads)/while eating them abstaining a few because of it’s taste not being satisfactory enough no matter the CUISINE gives it the MITHE to exchange the views in reflection despite having defined thus seeing from valleys and hills..countering(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for GUZZLE HUMDRUM)..” Strawberry : “ideologically(all burst into laughter)..” Sarmad(laugh) : “um..sorry but i’m Sarmad I was talking about coming into Pokemon profession Mr Tantrum apprised me that it’s all about being not a being in psychic channels the best way from those without any education but i’m in a huge mess personally so have to sort out my life especially personal emotions and their floods like professionally(all laugh a lot)..um..sorry for the language but I understand to actually materialize it the best for us is why Mr Tantrum told me to contact you(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for THE FACTORY OF STRAWBERRY FACEPALM,Gary shakes his head laughing)..” Strawberry : “uncertainly(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..” Sarmad(laugh) : “um..yeah morally(all burst into laughter)..” Strawberry : “you’ll have to surpass the pass of being Mr Sarmad classify this for me with general explanation showing it’s reason for being so against specifications(all uncontrollably laugh,..) this sentence,the monotonic adherence to fullness in terms of chance in absence of coherence of dual parlance turns to dichotomy of mathematical nuisance and emotional pertinence for bricklayers..is this sentence personal or professional in terms of a financial advisory board chief Indeedee’s estranged relative a road tax defaulter commercial studio owner Eternatus(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!)..” Sarmad(a bit worried) : “um..yeah i’m saying Sir I just need the language as you heard please Sir give me some time um..existentially(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “constitutionally(all burst into laughter)..” Sarmad(a bit thoughtful) : “um..yeah my interpretation is that this is personal cause(all burst into laughter,cheers for HUSH!PROFESSIONALISM!)..um..firstly defaulting doesn’t ensure the intent only situations only if not mentioned as a defense this is specific(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..secondly in general mathematics can’t work without the premise of being correct inherently(all uncontrollably laugh,..,cheers for CHOICED BRATS)..thus this statement is general not specific cause(all uncontrollably laugh,..) the dichotomy ensures the nuisance to be different from disturbance more suited to explain in contrast with emotional pertinence as in that case it would’ve been bifurcation of wave mechanics into stationary substance and intellectual reference not it’s adhesive coherence to phenomenas only if that is abstract not both(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Strawberry : “ECCENTRIC!(all uncontrollably laugh,..)..but this very personal interpretation of yours is specifically subject to the thing that you mentioned with mathematics itself isn’t it professionally as you expected to provide it an answer generally(all uncontrollably laugh,..)” Sarmad(a bit thoughtful) : “um..yeah but I don’t understand what parlance is doing there for in reality unless to migrate this problem to reconsideration to remove the stagnation of decision in order to reach improvi