..(Lennon,Cedar,Czeslaw&Muntasir&May&Ash@Press after Translator Acceptance at only Johto Finals)..
Press : "we don't know where to start it Mr Earmnast your works has done a tremendous amount in the last 10 years we just wish you'll review your position now#.."
Lennon(laughing..) : "it's impossible compeers to stand alone given the last 10 years hence you know what is what as it's said(all burst..).."
Press(frown) : "we see Mr Czeslaw you've been involved with them all cause of personal infirmities with possible futuristic desires yet insecurities isn't it(all un..).."
Czeslaw(excited) : "isn't isn't isn't security industry's Hollow.. that's combination's hologram..thus answer look expectation to you the Popcorn(all un..,..Brock+Violet..The Industrial Ones,..Czeslaw+Jampa un..long).."
Press(scowl) : "we see,anyway we do know the main culprit behind all of this from before due to whom this whole mess has come about isn't it Mr Muntasir(all un..long,..Gladys..congrats swee..,t.. whatever,all un..long,..Gladys..how did you react to just before you fully comprehended the news of our honour tell me tell me tell me,all un..long,..Gladys..Mr Ah Mintu Ortiz,all un..long,..Muntasir too un..).."
Muntasir(excited) : "as in the thoughts how are you starting to interpret(all un..long).."
Press(scowl) : "Mr Cedar behave your baby pro this is a serious psychological matter(all un..long,Cedar&Muntasir un..long).."
Cedar(thoughtful) : "well his point is all of our point barring Lenny that is this belongs to him if you'd talk about axiomatic grounds but in reality he'd tell you this one would've been impossible to materialize so quickly had Dr Skechit and Mr and Mrs Cubin weren't there indeed especia(all laugh..lot) the middle one Mr Cubin cause we didn't know how our system will ever terminate(all burst..).."
Muntasir&Czeslaw(excited) : "游낼 游낼.. 游낼 look is real/alas thus what is seen is mere reel of steer/thus paper is named- In the Crafts of types/alas look at the conclusion disambiguated only as Station is only For Halt not to be incise.."
Cedar(happy) : "thus terminate to conclusion lexical grass/as Look attention ends with difference though in trivials only revealing The Boomerag Pass..(with Czeslaw&Muntasir).. Oh 游낼游낼(all un..long,..The Elusive Ones,Cilan+Jennifer un..long).."
Press(scowl) : "this translators have been reviewed by all and has made into the finals only all due to the backing of Mr Drew Blackmore who is the most shrewd creature found in last 8 years at HUMANITY indeed even Dr Jackal and Mr and Mrs Cubin is functional not temporal like his educated interests(all un..long,..Goran&Seth..Civility,all un..long,..Drew+May too un..long)..whose present here among us and has been against her own other half on this very fact for the last 6 years now isn't is Mrs Blackmore(all un..long,..Magnus+Dawn..The Unanimous Ones,Drew+May un..long).."
May(frown) : "by this it's not possible to judge halves isn't it compeer only sections of full the hallucination of done yet only as or against cool(all un..long,..Guang&Gus..Combu-The Fighting-Who,..May un..long).."
Press(scowl) : "we see and hence lastly ofcourse Mr Ash regale us with your interpretation of all of these(all un..long).."
Ash : "situation look juxtaposition now Phantom.. anything else left out of random..no..translation look goes.. channelised(all un..long,..Drew+May..Lastly The Procedure Annotations,all un..long).."
