..(Mariano with Monroe)..
Monroe(frown) : "there's this huge demand for Doctor Slate Shirts sir from rags to riches the scoundrel obviously denies any being a thing#..but how should we control it we can't come to office wearing shirts signed as we're hyping up the corner of a prizefighter exactly their intention hence the signature is in blocks by columns and on the backside(all un..long).."
Mariano(frown) : "sanction it with low quality material then make that lowlife responsible(all un..long).."
Monroe(solemn) : "DaisyDevil has revolted against Cerulean riches for asking her to disinfect her rags saying for usage yeah(all un..long).."
Mariano(scowl) : "what are those two lackeys of theirs doing#.."
Monroe(frown) : "the same Doctor Slate and DaisyDevil don't use shoes they do that's all#..
Mariano(frown) : "Doctor Slate and DaisyDevil vanishes for half an hour into the Valley and INSIDE the ocean for Physical conservation#..,what does the other two do#.."
Monroe(frown) : "goes anywhere in return of clearance which takes 2 hours people say any other space if roomed mind the terminology first Sir(all un..long) then it makes fun of us(all un..long)..and yeah space if roomed can it be termed make or makes is a huge question they said just for the answer(all un..long)..this is a mockery of duality Sir those two only insist on referring to each other discretely just to have fun among themselves at the cost of self not other countering everything Sir this was taught to them as becoming..Hands-On the end counter then just On-Roam#.."
Mariano(frown) : "i guess they wait their to clear toilets in turns then#.."
Monroe(frown) : "that's the only thing they say is what they do for a living#.."
Mariano(frown) : "all of them do they eat if food is given#.."
Monroe(frown) : "never#.."
Mariano(frown) : "do they appreciate or reject if someone follows their works"
Monroe(frown) : "they use it to counter themselves as that's the transmission not cessation of essence#.."
Mariano(frown) : "do they admit difference#.."
Monroe(frown) : "only for ne hence use only two as reference(all un..long).."
Mariano(frown) : "have you tried to charge them for misconduct despite forwarding#.."
Monroe(frown) : "yes the result is they declare their gender adding the question of definition proper as they learn it only countering and except for that they can't give anything return as fine(all un..long).."
Mariano(scowl) : "that's what that scoundrel On-Roam taught them i guess instantaneous not directional suffering(all un..long).."
Monroe(frown) : "not quite Sir that lowlife prescribed informative differing as you know just to be countering#.."
Mariano(solemn) : "make them responsible for cutting the love to usher in reflexive not reflective shove between pokemon and the masters of training#.."
Monroe(frown) : "this can be done Sir they're saying they only specializes in pointing there's some hideous cure of optimum waiting in future whose the master of professional being that is only to be by the eventual other due to professionalism-just to be personally no not personally but personally and countering(all un..long,..Genkai+Blossom..The Professional Oak Halves,Gary+Lillie un..long)..this being says advocates those who are masters in countering thus never full ever wanting JUST TO BE COUNTERING,#..Gary..Convicts of Application,#,.."
Mariano(frown) : "i see what is this Viol flower's role in this this one seems to be thoroughly eccentric#.."
Monroe (frown) : "honesty in eccentricity Sir just to counter intelligence by this term it's affordability (all un..long,..Ms Volbeat,#).. exactly why this flowerhood is used never needed ever ceded against pleasant's conformity#.."
Mariano(solemn) : "keep her of IT#..off the roads Munu this one only i guess doesn't know how to behave according to whatever just been differentially fit#.."
Monroe(frown) : "i believe she will do it herself Sir it's reported whenever someone adores her she viciously bites them when they leave her along she pokes her tongue at them when they sing she seems to get happier but the moment they really want to sing either bites or spits at them#..Ms Volbeat,#..she stays at the gym with a Mantyke all time in reservation if put in a comfortable position stops to breathe as long as she can then returns again in between makes a face at space above her eyes if the face is straight but not to anyone else unless that their intelligence tells them to occupy#..none can control her barring their cook Leah whose thus been relieved of her duties there#.."
Mariano(scowl) : "isn't that Branislav's in-probation by reflection to be other half#.."
Monroe(frown) : "indeed#.."
Mariano(scowl) : "where's Kelly and Torrie#.."
Monroe(frown) : "disturbing Team Sic operations with demonstrations between faith and it's practicing authority#.."
Mariano(scowl) : "what they did was illegal they too know it which is a boomerang to them Munu i have no idea why Mr Levon passed them this is used as a boomerang to understand truth from accused justice exactly what Davo's style was to inspect and counter this brat Branislav has kept only the verb for if It that is JUST IS(all un..long)..why Miro and Odell isn't fired by that sly fox Ignu#.."
Monroe(frown) : "they preach the vitality of separation as opposed to information#.."
Mariano(frown) : "Flint and Zia aren't sane i know first hand Brawn the worse poor Allen has been thoroughly conned by devotion countering#..Gary..Probe Glenol,Magnus+Dawn un..long,#,.. i don't know why this Devil of Ramification and that hideous flower of centrification have chose to trap poor George and Celia they are as sweet persons as it gets#..but brats are extremely cunning what is the news about those two little pests Ingemar and Gladys#.."
Monroe(frown) : "the former is a con artist Sir he goes to places only after knowing the end goal thus is never subjected to causation having lived through the whole duration as a heuristic cocoon#..this brat will miserable fail when the right sort dual criteria thus neither analysis nor incision comes up the opposite the fruition of lore into the meaning only not the actuality of sure#..Guang&Gus..Mr Pairing Mithe,Ingemar+Blythe un..long,#,..then the younger is treated as a newborn by Ingemar and she's mostly silent just a normal kid but if you observe her you can see something lurking beneath this mask of civility this brat you then understand destiny itself intervened and kept apart from Hands-On practicability never practicality countering#..Guang&Gus..Gladly Syndrome,Gladys un..long,#..but they're not as violent only intrudes functionality by honesty thus obviously immoral#..but surely there's many many more creatures Sir lurking somewhere in definability thus we can't do anything at all as said of the opportunity#.."
Mariano(frown) : "keep an eye on Ignu's son and daughter-in-law they're too overzealous sadly about ontological vs metaphysical connectivity(all un..long,..Adebayo+Zoi..Devout Ration,# m)..they are the only ones who are the practitioners of generality vs specificity surely something's afoot here in collision to the next version of flower that's coming in had to Ms Volbeat is a curse unto emotional comfort#..what about this one#.."
Monroe(frown) : "according to the eldest devil this is just the facets of equitibility vs equation#..Ms Volbeat represents accountability pitted against conjunction in causality#..next one is said to be the most subtle among any version of flowers of enumeration of tentative#.. this one is the saturation of variability thus best left entwined with solutions that lure it once removed it turns into a hideous curse of mind this term psychological annotation's affordability#..Lillie flower,#.."
Mariano(frown) : "the better parts are intricately cunning as you see Munu but that creature whom even Hands-On was surprised about when someone said once there was this greed in the practice to see if it's needed just that creature isn't suitable to randomness Munu what will happen to us then how can we control a vagabond of punity#..Guzzle Humdrum,#.."
Monroe(frown) : "we should put not brush him aside from day one if brushed is going to ransack our relative rationality#..Fruit Juicy,#.."
Mariano(frown) : "anyway my son and daughter why are they so neutral and irrelevant to them it seems ominous to me#..Ingemar..Fortune Haps,#.."
Monroe(frown) : "no it's ok Sir may be just disciples the direct ones are extremely cunning#..Zoi&Blossom.. Conclusion Traps,Itzel&Yagmur un..long,#..but yeah especially that brat Branislav is a problem Sir he has huge popularity despite severe downgrading by Davo himself in front of him in a press none knows what he wants#.."
Mariano(frown) : "it's not him Munu it's those 4 scoundrels of relationship Myla,Renee,Hezza and Malva those the are masters who introduced these brats to pokemons they certainly could be anywhere but with hideous headless brats and claim themselves to be singularly demystified by time not any of it's ats these brats are oiled by Doctor Oak who is deceived by Ignou in the name of truthfulness#..this is a collision i tell you you'll see some sort of headless buffoon will arise from among them which is going to distort the apparent to get behind it thus introduce heinous methods of suspicion all just to deem self as the pivot of practice a counter in terms of truth vs what actually thus indifferently is#..Colony Monogram,#.."
