..(Monroe with Daisy&Lehuma)..
Monroe(frown) : "you come from one of the richest families in the world Dase why have you chosen such a place(all un..long,..DaisyDevil).."
Daisy(frown) : "being placed yeah.."
Monroe(frown) : "i see Ms Lehuma what's your relationship with your teaching scoundrel(all laugh..lot).."
Lehuma(frown) : "she's not just the scoundrel of being compeer she's the scoundrel of rhyme as it is being made by lexical status first than deliberation or chance..(giggle)..why i frowned before saying what is only just this not as okay is.."
Monroe(scowl) : "i see a certain Mr Rawad has confessed much long for you albeit the you of long not slew of according(all un..long,..Cilan+Jennifer..The Bifocal Ones,Rawad+Lehuma un..long)..whois this being.."
Lehuma(bit surprised) : "oh just a thing but to me a testament of dealing a validation of feeling thus a recurring billing of conscience of nilling why.."
Monroe(scowl) : "i see this is a bigger collusion than previously thought(all burst..,..Cilan+Jennifer..the Credited Ones,Rawad+Lehuma un..)..how did you meet Dase.."
Lehuma(bit excited) : "Jolly told me to answer this as..
I was born as a notion..
thus hours later felt this oh presence caution
then i was raised as self thus mine
later found it's only the Popcorn of rhyme..(giggle)..Sir Sir she said to understand this idea Simile Popcorn what does it mean.."
Monroe(scowl) : "Reticence of Gym(all un..long,..Cedar..Reticence Vat,all un..long).."
Lehuma(bit happier) : "yeah my parents were killed me abducted on a underground demonstration act as we were caught at a hotel which became the target of two gangs at Rigdogbil Ridge when i was 1.25 i was drugged after seeing my parents being thrown off the cliff so i was dreaming all these things i didn't know anything when suddenly even inside an induced state i recalled i saw the last site of mom and dad they were happy then this thought came to me self : the epitome of happy..then i woke up from there saw the cars have stopped and all and all of those guys were surprised to see Dase who was sitting on a rock beside a highway the car stopped by itself cause the driver suddenly saw as they said something so huge in the middle of the road but neither does Dase know what it was she was only taking some rest from being answered on what it was such a Humdrum we all understood we don't know why just as we wondered if it was then i asked Dase what it was she said she was being told in this tone like..(giggle)..
Ei Random killing Random feeling random liberating random healing..see/Self no matter  being no chatter seeing no latter Feeling no matter..me../E!/emptiness thus why now you..nuzzle nuzzle Me/E!/if Upto Upto be..hell hell hell hell hell hell mail mail mail mail mail mail me/E!/if all rest is the why you don't try to random random me/E!/Vulture of reality illusion you nuzzle nuzzle see/E!/Ei thus Random Humdrum be../E!/Guzzle or leave out or stay there/dual you if so sure why don't you jingle confusion in me/E!/reality don't then you nuzzle nuzzle me-E/as for you to be i must temporally wrinkle wrinkle see-E/Randomness thus now come/Vulture of Help Concern/Adventures of Path You Discern/Forward the Self Ration/Seeee/Countering you in self/Concurring in the essence/Consciousness You Precious Deemed by reference of Hi-Hi/Know Reject Inject Stay action or devotion why you as self..Nuzzle Nuzzle Me/As Into Into See/Hence Unto Unto Me/Thus Upto Upto The/E!/Humdrum Guzzle See/Fruity/Halt Juicy/Halt Police Police noun or verb..Ah..Random Random See/Vulture Vulture Me-E/Guzzle Guzzle Thee..
..(giggle)..sir,sir why when Dase said this she was happy but the others were like devoid of existence but why i because saw both only felt i was the rest was an additional of me.."
Monroe(scowl) : "silence On-Roam/Just as thought thinking now home..counter..Zee i warn you(all un..long,..Lehuma&Daisy..Jolly On-Roam,all un..long).."
Daisy(frown) : "if intended yeah(all un..long,..DaisyDevil).."
Monroe(scowl) : "you only acted as a pointer according to this story which was confessed by 50 people whole gang those who didn't see told us they believed every bit of it cause they understood that it could only be seen like anything Hands-On that's they were told by spontaneity as determination if of denomination look presence to intellect now Popcorn(all un..long,..Lehuma&Daisy..Reticence Vat,all un..long)..what is your contribution in all this Individually(all un..long)"
Daisy(frown) : "memories if grasped at makes the same confidentially if all me as part of being then it's an anomaly if all is the span of mine then an allegory both way it's only the Simile of definition.. actually meaning thus to nomination the Popcorn thus for me being there i only said i heard this not operationally but in terms of cessation as it wasn't present only was a consent for being an insinuation this because i was the one to validate i said i heard it meaning it's upto interpretation including me  too but because i was the one to start it my characters of being were mere teaser to logical not actual foundation yeah.."
Monroe(frown) : "i see but there's a being newly introduced 6 months back whom Doctor Slate deemed as reeling of me this being's disposition resembles an absolutely incurable and unstable Volbeat sometimes too wise sometimes completely headless sometimes the most irritated at being not seeing as i saw changes colours by poor feelings whose this(all un..long,..Ms Volbeat).."
Daisy(frown) : "this is the obsession of if me then why it is but it won't admit the feeling indeed thus itself sees yeah.."
Lehuma(excited) : "and in reply it will be said shut up you formulaic b.. meaning having no faith in building but the structure of it thus failing there itself as emotion of be-s not intelligence of me-s.."
Monroe(frown) : "i see thanks for you time and this sort of an existentially unstable being must NOT participate in Judicial Society if does that sly crook will have a long procedure to follow in THE FEELING OF JUSTICE thanks(all un..long,..Rawad+Lehuma..The Unfolded Ones,Brock+Violet un..long).."
