(Ernie and his daughter Breonna@Orion=Refill Concern{Living Hunter/Painter}=Proven Umpteen@Johto)
Ernie(crying) : "they..they..tortured me out just cause i was from that place and they reported to them that i wanted to steal their pet me and my daughter haven't had anything for two days she's dying i just wanted to push..(breaks down).."
Orion(suddenly comes in picks Breonna,is too crying) : "no Sir you're still here as is your daughter still alive atleast get inside this shelter it's raining too much it's going to worsen the hunger.."
Ernie(a bit surprised) : "um..are you one of those um..demons from absurdity as they say for a change(all un..long,..Brock..Vagabonds of Existence,#).."
Orion(same way) : "yeah they too oppressed my sweet little sis and my dear big bro and brainwashed latter to abandon me the other to pursue me to follow dishonest ways that they've inculcated in her on reasoned not rational(all un..long,Blythe..why is everyone so shaky to beahve openly Beeky,read this piece..Caution!Living Hunter!..anything left,all un..long).."
Ernie(bit angry and cries out loudly) : "you..you lowlife you want to kill us finally by emotions then too you.."
Concern : "this is why i thought compeer existence..hum the most relevant..do you want to survive compeer of be the me of soon..shh..the most escaping.."
Ernie(much controlled) : "um..no..um..hows Breu.."
Breonna(wake up just) : "um..um..where is um..like all this which is ok called space thank..um..no don't put words into my mouth i want to just say where i am..um..no that's an assertion not interrogation which is only the assurance of insistence.. umm..hey don't disturb me where am i(all un..long,..Jennifer..that namecall left me for that namecall why cause that namecall told him life is hard where as i said..Living Living Painting Now/Refill You better Concern How..this offers a SOLUTION take that you namecalls..um..no i wanted to be sarcastic and angry Ei Jenny why am i left in the middle of fuzzy,all un..long,..Brock..Convicts of Curse,#).."
Ernie(very concerned,hugs Breonna firmly,scared) : "with your daddy sweetie..come let's go..(struggles to get up too weak and injured,cries)..you lowlife what do you want huh.."
Concern : "those that are coming here compeer look at them under the obligation of honesty..shh..the most reflecting..if you leave they will only remain as Ah..the most revealing nah..shh..the most hellacious..to reflection-countering"
Few Polices Comes In(Head,Solemn) : "i've been reported but this man wasn't tortured inside at all we only detained him and inquired for no more than 5 minutes these symbols have been masterminded by someone else Mr Ernie do you feel any any pain.."
Ernie(crying) : "Sir Sir i get all this no i have no pain my daughter too in under influence..this this um..compeer um..no(all un..long,..Rochana..Ei Rochie why these kids i work with for community service wanted to listen the me not what i teach they said they liked painting a lot out of blue what do they know about me like not me but um..like yeah being me,#,..Cedar..Alert!Living Painter!,#).."
Head(scowl) : "i'll resolve it Sir it requires NO EFFORT only COMFORT COUNTERING#..Orrie you lowlife why are you after sequences hum#.."
Concern : "i didn't sleep right compeer subconscious oh looms..countering sleep : the energy to in them room#.."
Breonna(wondering) : "um..no dad it's ok you look tired take rest now..um..uncle why i feel um..well fed and this road this rain this mud feels like..um..the most..um..existing#..Cedar..bro bro Orrie will tell us how he paints come come come come cause else it'll change according to himself at any point least to nought to best,#..Gladys..Dr Oh Mintu Ortiz,#..Muntasir..Go On then Follow Now/Painting You Rule to How/What thought you think now/Squat..logic better how,#..Cedar..Caution!Living Concern!,#..Brock..Vengence of Constance,#.."
Head(scowl) : "it's cause of being compeer just as you they only want the most self sufficing..this whole saga Mr Ernie is cause you went to a house for begging who pleaded that they couldn't give anything now their dog just barked as you stood there calling them a few times an exchange of word took place one of the policeman were going around he resolved it and gave you a little money which someone from your area took away cause of the situation there many have become like you in last 5-7 years so and the preceding 5-7 means the stigma which this this exact scoundrel painted as something fun and games cause all this is down to living which is defined again only only by this lowlife as a prelude of seeing.. admit to these allegations you lowlife#..Guang&Gus..Lady Dawn Groudon,#,Dawn un..long,#.."
Orion(scared,pleading) : "yeah yeah i admit to these Sir please may all compassion forgive me..please Sir don't hit me..shh..welcome you : the most ensuing..(again pleads)..no Sir this is a mental disease..(changes)..the abundance of habit..(again pleads)..Sir i've been hainted by these demons of reality..(happy)..shh..the moments of capacity..(straight)..any resulting proofs belying that they've served up to their start merely of definitive ending.."
Breonna(bit happy but still a bit shaky) : "um..hey Orrie what is um..um..what we see like um..any time#..Choiced Brats,#.."
Concern(thumping..) : "Audacity#!..
centred me/assured hi/ha you come/who no just me..
Ei Surging Surging Barging Now/To tell what is halt is is urging how/Though and Although thus Refill Concern/As Living Hunter wants Prove of Some..
besides compeers do you know what is self defence(all un..long).."
Breonna(giggle tenders Concern) : "yeah like dad wants but strangely can't get because he doesn't have any money so he says i beg of it thus he defends his self like i beg i too have a self like you but some agrees some disagrees which is also the same thus um..(bit surprised but very happy now hugs and tenders Ernie)..sis why dad is like um..me but like something that is dependent only on the choice to be#..Choiced Brats#.."
Concern(thumping) : "Surreal#!..
Self Self Self Self If Mine/Help Help Help Help Oh Thine/Halt Defend Me and thus Mine/I or Thee alas consciousness chime/Defence thus look of this/hunting only what's leased/to be thus soul is me/tax to existing is thus thee..
self self self defend strive/help help help help remove fight/as thing thing thing thing is right/thus living you paint self why exercise..
so much mine oh so dear/if is a thing self whose near/thus inheritance is mere rhyme/of secluded me thee's chime..
are you afraid of that dark alley compeer.."
Breonna(too happy) : "no but like not now because um..like with you it feels so um..like all these things are only too loving of us#..Muntasir..no i was thinking if..,Shuu..Caution!Refill Concern!#.."
Concern : "go on there then no problem.."
Breonna(too happy) : "ok..dad you don't worry sis knows what's there is nothing newer than what will be#.."
Concern(thumping..,after Breonna vanishes inside the alley) : "Water-Fire#..
Daily Daily Daily Water-Fire/Observer you Feel Professional Commitment Self Hire/As Daily Daily Daily Darkened You/Demands the Cue to Aspect Hue/Of Intelligence and If's New/Thus Explorers of Epistemology answers phew..
Ernie(smile) : "if you want you may admit my Breu to some place Sir i feel like too tired and a bit surreal as Orrie said..but i just want her to go to Yvester her mom said this to me and i have to say i can't trust anywhere else either#..Ingemar..A Scam at Johto!-Remember-That's Glenol,#..Daisy,Dawn,Rawad+Lehuma..Boulder..Boulder!,Brock&Magnus un..long#,..but i got entangled in this mess in the last year she hasn't slept under a secured place in last 1 year.."
Police(head,while the police helps with everything as does some other people who came along) : "it's assured Sir there won't be any discrepancies there neither for your treatment and else atleast but that will be done at your place only as we've just been informed a being by the name of None Coming thus Um Going has been found there..CONSCIOUS..rest..bogus#..Cedar..man we have no help,you mean None Coming/Um Going!,#,..Cedar..Outlaws of Incision,#..and yes it's reported recently a few pokemons were brutally tortured there who were somehow linked by autoports to Oak Labs that too the main dome at Frucifern that too personally treated by Dr Oak and ofcourse the authorities there didn't come up with right proofs meaning Dr Oak has been found at a lab there as a red alert is coming Dr Oak has been found suddenly to be exploring the fight pokemon restraining instruments specifically#..and i suspect your daughter will be found there itself albeit will return here with her experiences but in will synchronise with what will happen there as a whole and given Dr Oak being there may be also not alone but lone#..so you may stay here we're arranging no public is allowed on moral grounds according to Dr Oak professionally yeah#..Dr Hush!.."
