..(Refill Concern{Living Hunter/Painter}=Proven Umpteen@Sinnoh Prison@Night Suddenly inside the protected cells)..
Concern : "Arrival..will journey to you from all
i and me now call..Hunter hunting fall..
Hunter Hunter Lord..Hunt Me Down God
Hunting Hunting Me..Hunt Down Be.."
Prisoner1(mocking) : "we've been doing wrong for long you m.. we had ordered earphones since that m.. Hands-On arose take that you m..(all un..long)..um(bit self perceptive)..but if we had done wrong this we did right means wrong is only the essence of fight..(angry)..you lowlife why I can't recall slangs now hum except one which those 5 hideous flowers of impotence popularized(all un..long,..WaterFire)"
Concern : "slang : the bang of mine..the most confessing being the faith of thine..the most countering.."
Prisoner2(frown) : "enough there's no wrong that i did.."
Concern : "according to thought of being(all un..long).."
Prisoner3(scowl) : "i broke barriers of planes too.."
Concern : "just to say how i'm now you indeed(all un..long).."
Person3(angry) : "you lowlife what did you do to self(all un..long,..Culprits of Hellfire,all un..long).."
Concern : "asked if then there's a help the most benevolent(all un..long).."
Prisoner2(frown) : "enough why have you turned up out of nowhere rather than walking in hum(all un..long).."
Concern : "as i found proprioception i was asked if i could know where is zoom(all un..long).."
Prisoner4(thoughtful) : "but it's said you're very afraid of death.."
Concern : "as it concerns health why(all un..long).."
Person4(thoughtful) : "but um..then if you die you can't let go things so um..like there's no point of whatever you practice.."
Concern : "indeed"
Person4(confused) : "then um..how have you um..like doing all these things like um..what sort of a being are you then(all un..long).."
Concern : "depending of thing compeer thus no me only you if deem..shh..the most countering (all un..long,..Living Painter,all un..long).."
Person5(thoughtful) : "i'm planning an escape in which some persons needs to be killed but does it assure them to be no more as um..no me but by me the meaning of seem(all un..long).."
Concern : "escape : the plurality of aim(all un..long).."
Prisoner6(scowl) : "i know this for long this method is the first one prohibited at EVERY single plane because it bears no fruit or the lack of it it's called if this is why is it it..THE MOST ENSUING..why have you decided to intrude existence along with your WHOLE gang especially that horrendous curse of relativity Humdrum hum(all un..long).."
Concern : "just as i was compeer alas i became um..the most reflexive(all un..long).."
Prisoner2(frown) : "anyway tell us about your days with revenge(all un..long).."
Concern : "impossible compeer unless i paint the essence alas painting now hunter/living now panther/release now centre/reality you duality's mere banter..the most illusive..shh..together(all un..long,..Living Hunter,all un..long).."
Prisoner7(scowl) : "i wanted to get out of this but made the mistake of going through the original works of Quill Gunning thus ended up worse thus you know your methods fail miserably admit it ok(all un..long,..Guang&Gus..Lady Dawn Groundon,Dawn un..).."
Concern : "admittance..ok..why(all un..long).."
Prisoner7(angry) : "why your disciple brat said in his original works how any is the fiction of canny yet yet ended with countering why hum WHY(all un..long,..Dawn..Incision Cyclic,all un..long).."
Concern : "oh my me look mine thus is your rhyme in smiles/thus to thee say i'm this that's not's styles styles/Oh my illusion thus to expectation be mild mild/as that's the glue of reality to being dual hence just shadow of sense in style styles..
thus oh my Quill Look is Only Gunning Gunning/Thus Incision Concern Refills Cunning..halt are you now Cunning(all un..long)..
Oh Living Living Living Hunter/Proven Look Umpteen if you the renter/Thus oh My Refill look for concern else just be it's dine/action flows in self if meant to be Ah look reflection MY styles styles..
surging surging surging now/barging barging painting how/refill concern sensing now/Proven Umpteen why or how..
Living Hunter Painting Now/Living Painter Hunt Hunt How/Living Hunter consciousness how/Living Painter exist sough..
survival peek-a-boo/with self hush dealt peek-a-boo..
Oh Living Hunter Painting Now/Hunter Hunting Painting Sough..
the most congenital(all un..long,..Living Hunter,all un..long).."
All prisoners(clamour in form of prayer) : "remove this brat immediately else we'll continue to pray(all un..long)..
Concern : "thus you see compeers there's a limit to wrong not to be Countering(all un..long).."
All the prisoners(prays) : "light lit the inside/from the hunter of instincts preside..(all un..long).."
..(continues for long the guards were silent all along now the whole place all the cells pray for some hours)..
Concern(at dawn) : "right now it's dawn..thus you see compeers light the most a-physical..just to be countering..the most of night..shuu..Incision the Cyclic(all un..long).."
..(Later Concern at the the Central Prison HQ)..
Head(scowl) : "why the inmates were less concerned about self more about being hum(all un..long).."
Concern : "Obsession with fail/Bounty Look asks Bedlam to Jail(all un..long)/Oven alas Lit up of Lap/Throughout meaning Lexicon Refill quick else concern claps(all un..long)..
Ei Bounty you Bedlam/Oven Oven Lighting Alas Pun/Thus Madden Madden No Yo On/Bounty Rush Bedlam..
Head(angry) : "hey hey this is a civilized existence ok(all un..long,..Ah Oven Lighting/Oh Habitant Lapping,all un..long).."
Concern : "imputation look Painting/Consciousness of thing thus hunting..the most conserving..if only ending or is it starting or restarting.. recurring now Painted.. HUNTING hunting meaning now/Painting Look your own sough..shh..the most intended(all un..long,..Living Painter,all un..long).."
Head(scowl) : "i see but since last night you've not mentioned any pokemons i guess you've miserably failed to enlighten them on this horrendous process of flowing of ending(all un..long).."
Concern : "pokemon look oh uu um/painting hunter of decision hallow or hi ask self from none(all un..long)..Doom Doom Doom Doom Houndoom/Or Is the eraser felt Rilla thus now painting..Boom(all un..long).."
Head(angry) : "these brats are supposed to cross dimensions in privacy not at a civilized room office ok(all un..long).."
Houndoom and Rillaboom(herds but all half subtle) : <Hou Oom Doo Lii Ra..mm#>
Concern : "want or desire lexicon..boom(all un..long).."
..(Later Judicial HQ)..
Head(frown) : "Mr Concern(all un..long,..Countering,all un..long).. what's the relationship between you and Lastly Phantom because your works cross each other all the time yet ends up in much different aspects of seeing vs witnessing no matter both mere decoys of nominal counter to JUST ing(all un..long)..but what's exactly is your relationship with that scoundrel and what does your next version exactly wants what sort of a Consciousness does IT have(all un..long).."
Concern : two words for two answers : Definitely Clad.. any postulations left dangling in logic by the veil of insecurity of being glad(all un..long,..Living Hunter,all un..long).."
Head(scowl) : "..no..thanks..you're not welcome(all un..long).."
Concern : "right this rag has served it purpose of being..(cleans the place)
mingle mingle dust of my/jingle look hence thee or thy/living painting to hunt who/ringing look oh you or hum?(all un..long)..
surging surging me and i/urging urging see of hi/hallow rushes to welcome saying okay you bye/living hunt thus down my..
then i then oh alas so/you hum who or see or cue/action fruit potential/meaning practice booing as gone patience essential..
Ei..
Living Hunter Painting Now/Living Painter Hunting Sough/Ei Resistance agnostic to intention or plane now you how/Living you all Hunt down thus though..
LIVING HUNTER BEDLAM/BOUNTY LOOK HUNTING SUM/OVEN OVEN LIT UP PUN/AS REFILL LOOKING FOR..WHY DID YOU WAIT TO MEAN CONCERN..
Ei Proven Umpteen living how/Self No Being No Yo thou/resisting you resist now/just Living Hunter Paint Paint How..
Living Painter Act Act Act/Hunter of Self Sough Alas/Ei Living Hunting Proving Painting/Desire Tell All to Halt as Refill is now Concern Filled(all un..long)..
..(continues till cleans the whole place mostly hums sometimes does jump rope sequences)..right..greeting now countering.. concerned(goes away)..(all un..long,..Refill Concern,all un..long).."
