..(Simile Popcorn@Kalos Nunnery@Discussion,Rev. Tara McShin,Silver Jubilee Judicial Head is present with Popcorn)..
Pertinent People : "so your basic method is a way of attention to self then compeer what place does inattention have is what we're curious to see revealing.."
Popcorn : "i don't get the prefix or suffix respected ones like this itself i only understand that i can see you that's all.."
Pertinent People : "that's attention to duality compeer we hope a reciprocation with the fact that then inattention is left in the shadows of being there just as dual according to you.."
Popcorn : "i don't understand any of these respected ones i only know that i can understand your words according to what i can understand about them.."
Pertinent People : "that's the interaction of contact with attention compeer we wish for a reply in terms of inattention to the implied beginning.."
Popcorn : "i don't understand these respected ones i only can understand you as being there or here according to what you say and how i can react to them in order to understand them meaning wise or just as sound as i understand there are thoughts and senses just as i understand you being there.."
Pertinent People : "that's the attention to care compeer we wish a reciprocation in terms of inattention of spare.."
Popcorn : "i don't understand that respected ones i only understand that you want me to respond to you for which i must understand what you mean.."
Pertinent People : "that's the attention to thing compeer we wish a reciprocation on inattention to sentience of itself of being.."
Popcorn : "i don't understand that respected ones i only understand the things that happens.."
Pertinent People : "that's the attention to reality in what it is not what is you see Mrs McShin and Mr Rafolrat you may have a further discussion with Lixue here attention as she would say is the inattention of estimative..out of many just one of the ways to be parametric.."
Popcorn : "i don't understand any of it respected ones i only know what makes me related to it..that is one of the ways only respected ones there are many things that's always beside..the most charismatic..this whole structure another of it's own holistic or just holistic attention : the further to punish.."
