..(Stash@Beigeglint Smogon Research Centre)..
Stash : "greetings compeers..i hear a lot of effort being tabled here driven by need guided by wonder validated by perception satisfied by the fruitful thunder..the most revealing consider..so i decided to come here in search of skill compeer skill to inscrisbe a name alas inscription as unique the plunder over honesty of research signature can't be done by my that's you but me..shh..to skill the most categoric thunder..any connotations used to befuddle intention.."
Researcher1(angry) : "you scoundrel why are you popping up everywhere hum.."
Stash(going towards a electric field) : "where : the electric of memory..shh..the most palpable if only honorary else the most tangible in category.."
Researcher2(frown) : "this place is restricted because human physique can't tolerate this much field energy.."
Stash(getting inside a field,still being heard) : "field : the energy of semblance..shh..the most aspiring alas to semblance hindrance..shh..so much belonging.."
Research3(scowl) : "what you contribute to the particles and these most complex machines.."
Stash : "these are the traces compeer of be being only as deem..shh..the most insinuating.."
Researcher5(angry as the machines and rest malfunctions) : "you lowlife why are you after inert matters hum(all un..long).."
Stash : "i didn't get you compeer if i was this why are this not hum..aww..so much knowledge.."
Researcher4&5(very angry,simultaneously) : "you lowlife what do you want huh.."
Stash : "the significance not affordability of duh..shh..the most relative.."
Research4&5(bit taken aback) : "um.."
Stash : "energy is in sentience compeers rest needed only to be field of semblance thus no hindrance compeers all only a question on if it's how to be..shh..the most romantic.."
Researcher2(bit frustrated) : "hey enough.."
Researcher3&6&7(angry) : "zip it enough of your quotients ok
Researcher1(bit thoughtful) : "but particles follow rules Stashey no matter the imputed or absent uniqueness.."
Stash : "intention : the boomerang of happiness..shh..the most unformatted.."
Researcher2&3+6&4+5&7(getting inside the field too happy) : "hey Stashey the great philosopher Mr Daudokad spoke much about relationships what do you know him how do you relate to him how did he become unique to being(all un..long).."
Stash : "Philosophy : The Snack of Inkling..shh..the most absolving ping..existence compeers just the junction of so and being..shh..the nost reflective..gone is relationships from this to thing..alas self look to obstruction you now Phantom..of cling..the most attaching"
Researcher1(thoughtful) : "um..but he also spoke about causality much what does he really mean(all un..long).."
Stash(thumping..) : "Glintopaknodethufisnaplistoteroneobariz(all un..long)!..Guzzle : The Humdrum of Thing..the most ensuing#..thus meaning why nuzzle another the intention to just refer to self that's the lexicon in meaning..shh..the most enabling.."
Researcher1(also getting in the field,giggle) : "hey Stashey how does Ash practice(all un..long).."
Stash : "exclaim : The Phantom of tactics.. anything else thus compeers left to the Shadow of Justice..illusion : the most automated Lantern to the Honesty of Ding..the dong of all the most pervading.."
Researcher7(getting in,giggle) : "hey Stashey how is your relationship with him(all un..long)"
Stash : "in attention look i found is what's my/thus thinking over alas i became thy/when i wanted to wash my face/i thought i had still my spectacles put on there in my eyes itself/but i was attending to my thoughts on attention/thus i discarded this caution by delusion/then i found despite my confidence and yet caution/the spectacles are there alas passion/then after splashing water to i spontaneously put it away/which only in attention said survival on the way/then i thought that ok i won't be this/alas qualia said see how it to me is/then i thought ok sense faculties do caution/why don't i listen to them with rather compassion/then i was told alas look attention/veers off to again survival think more application/alas thus trapped in ego and compassion/i said thought caution expectation/then once it was told someone of faith/did something in order for public help/which to me fell in the causal trap/that the correction may be told by actions of the desirous adventure of qualia in track/so i thought this to be a problem/thus i took it as only another to be self's emblem/alas then i thought i want to help through individual qualia/obviously it needed contact of dual thus hail intelligentsia/thus i later didn't want to do something/qualia said desire in foreign to my being/then i revolted against me and thee and thus/Guzzle Guzzle this illusive real Humdrum said why nuzzle last/as if you are is it the start/of is it look finally the elusive boomerang of last/dragon dragon oh electric shock/of conscious dragon without types reference is not/thus pervading embedding being in the dark/self thus now you no more bye but welcome to hark..said Zek Zek Zek Zek look roaming through the Rom/Thus Zekrom is what's elusive electric dragon/meaning counter hush master the lexical BRAT/master master no subject object witness or verb master no quality no thing just master THE BRAT/Excavating Lexicon Adventure/Photosopphing Awareness deference in application/thus alas meaning On-Roam countering oh my ego be Jolly/That Meaning or Lexicon only Hands-On is Jubilee/Onto Onto Fruit or is it Juice/Conscious or Precious or is it who is/Guzzle Random Vulture Thus you Guzzle Humdrum of of by just no execution but meaning not actual but in potency only as potent in possible the desirous see/be or self of don't or question or answer why illusion you nuzzle nuzzle..me.."