..(Yellowburst Yields)..
Andrew(frown) : "right this show has been resurrected after 19 years amid outpouring clamour for it though this is global now i'm stationed at Pasio and am Andrew Asompor rest unnecessary(all burst..,Gary..DoDo NotSoSure,all un..)..the name has been kept up because Yellowburst Trials that was the singlemost mistake trying to confine beings headed by this name Critical Pat to any situation(all un..long)..so Yellowburst Trials is the proverb for eye of a needle now albeit it doesn't test only demands testing countering needless to say(all un..long)..this will now be hosted by different hosts and the theme as ever is no benefit no usage no need not even any ground to hold percentage(all un..long)..today's Host is Status Ezekiel Name Eh Surnames See Blurred(all un..long,..Photoshop Apps)..right there's no need for any systems to transmit this as living and non living resources secure power(all burst..)..i'm here to introduce this that's all..it will be hosted randomly from random locations as ever as it's said no question possible unless known is answer OH so demure as i'm being told(all un..long)..and lastly this will be done through any police station anywhere thankfully they're human still(all un..long)..so the only thing left to say is that this will not be recorded or sold as the demand has been constant for live which is the reasoning behind any opportunities(all burst..)..and anyway this is will reach everyone if they're different to themselves thinking so or Oh..next term Phantom(all un..long).."
Blur : "right DoDo#..as you go out may you think how space is pivoted by you as case..intruding..right this occasion only demands understanding as per the desire to pervade own yet being thus all is needed is the blurred seeing knowing Eh dark is lighting..countering.."
Mehadi(was present,scowl) : "at which HE is way better in terms of limiting the instruction not inspection take that you subsuming b.."
Blur : "right this is Baby Gyarados rest not known(all un..long,..Baby Gyarados).."
Poppy(frown) : "it would've been said(all un..,Incentive Overdose) rest only so if made to be common which a b.. of occasion exactly like you b.. will not say due to inability to execute reason by formation not fruition take that you inclusive b.."
Blur : "and this is the earlier version Incentive Overdose no further included(all un..long,..Cuong&Seth..Toffee flowers,..Poppy&Mehadi un..long).."
Mehadi(smile) : "hallow compeers(all burst..,..Baby Gyarados)..i'll tell you about my experiences according to how i'm guided at my works of being by Doctor Slate(all burst..)..
Poppy(smile) : "and i will share with you the ideations of how to formulate phenomena as being shown to be by Dr Jackal(all burst..)..
Mehadi&Poppy(alternate,in unison) : "no looking don't you be tied down to senses of another..
Oh being tell us thus how to note only never to bother..
yes while doing something oh being be the right cords..
answer thus to formulation only..not to it's accord..
..next we'll introduce the actual methods of vagueness the Boomerang of Grass(all un..long,..The Elusive 🐉,Cilan too un..long)..
Tropius..Tropius look is a 🐉 of mine/did you think types of me thus rhyme/🐉🐉 comes out from the position/typified by difference of clinical duality though the emerging 🐉 is only for real knowledge thus illusion caution..🐉🐉..
right we'll not be needed further as Dr Strawberry Facepalm Has arrived finally who can't neither be personally questioned nor professionally answered(all un..long,..Seth&Cuong..Oh Strawberry Berry Berry,all un.. long,Gary..atleast my beau didn't ask me if i'm indeed or indeed knowing the presence distorted by or as her,all un..long,..Lillie..The Clinical Darkness,all un..long,Cuong+Poppy,Seth+Mehadi un..long).."
Strawberry : "hush!penetration!a f

..
Question1 : "why your lab doesn't extend the service#"
Strawberry : "your lab can't be professionalised my lab can't be channelised hence.."
Q2 : "why you intentionally failed in your journeys yet deprived a poor soul from getting the fairest share(all burst..,Melody un..long)"
Strawberry : "the soul insisted on being a personal whole not professional goal hence.."
Q3 : "why you don't provide monetary security to your workers#.."
Strawberry : "they can earn the money paid to them there it we only keep a record of what they've been given officially and unofficially they only have to report if this job makes them feel safer any affirmatives as declared previously meets with sacking as they when they accept this job say they need safety not how to make it better thanks(all un..long,..The Factory of Strawberry Facepalm,#)..
Q4 : "why you don't give up the ownership of your lab"
Strawberry : "it's owned by me only in a paper thanks(all un..long,..Brock&Hector..Dr Hush,all un..long).."
Q5 : "why Doctor Slate Shirts are never worn by you exactly opposite to your beau(all un.. long).."
Gary+Lillie(laughing, Recording stops) : "no desire don't you be the wrangler of tabulation of zeal/as look tables are only for indexes..enumerating just itself that FEEL(all un..long,..Brock too un..).."
Brock(laughing..) : "atleast i wasn't mingling with statuses of presence(all burst..,..The Professional Oak Halves,Gary+Lillie un..long).."
Strawberry(recording resumes) : "Dr Slate shirts are personally saturated by motion towards unanimity but neglects the procession of vocation..
Q6(recording resumes) : "why Doctor Slate's bunch wants to know more think less opposite to Ms Volbeat's Mantine who refuses to feel only deal(all un..long)..
Strawberry : "the former has been trained to stay at feeling's presence the latter it's essence.."
Q7 : "why Ms Volbeat never meets Doctor Slate physically and the later temporally never talking together if only alone(all un..long).."
Strawberry : "the former is against duality of intelligence in existence despite essence the latter the feeling of it being it's own#..
Q8 : "why Mr Cubin never writes or says the exact thing he's talking about(all un..long).."
Strawberry : "he's declaring rationality as becoming's elusive hound#..
Q9 : "why Mr Cubin recalls his dreams exactly(all un..long).."
Strawberry : "the illusion is only if there's an urge for dual not real summary#..
Q10 : "why someone named Dr Jackal has been deputised by your lab(all un..long,Gary&Brock&Cilan..Tracey-looking-most-cunning-fox,all un..long,Tracey too un..long).."
Strawberry : "because that's the 🦊 of premier#..
Q11 : "why despite only 3 months in university Mr Tracey Skechit was the most sought after relationship prospect none from not own gender yet Doctor Jackal was his only rival in similar terms from the other shore(all un..long).."
Tracey(laughing..,recording stops) : "no these little brats have been after my life since i was born at the Kanto river sadly(all laugh..lot).."
Rochana(laughing..) : "Ei Rochie why are all our beaus barring only yours roaming around with Trace all the time hum(all un..long,..Hector&Tracey un..long),how may i know..,shut up you namecall that namecall teaches them to be related with relationship not us as according to expection not desire what does he know of the jackal of submission hum(all un..long,..Gladys..as..i'm..The 🦊 of disguise,all un..long,Tracey too un..long).."
Tracey(laughing..) : "atleast i didn't say like how many motives any decision has and yeah also ask him how to amalgamate them in a formula not curricula huh as if you don't know how to parameterize aymptotic hyperbola to uncertain parabola(all un..long,..Daisy..The Eureka Ones,Cedar+Gladys un..long).."
Strawberry(recording resumes) : "because that's the 🦊 of entwined#.."
Q12 : "why both Colony Monogram and Baby per-Ohs refuses to admit their genders only opposite(all un..long,..The Darkened Ones,all un..long).."
Strawberry : "they refuse to be registered by memories#.."
Q13 : "why Discuss Gap and Incentive Overdose never found talking about anything subjective or objective only unanimous if together(all un..long,..The Pedantic Ones,all un..long).."
Strawberry : "they're obtuse not consonant to another#.."
Q14 : "why does your spouse refuse to live in a humanely deemed secured place(all un..long,..Lillie flower).."
Strawberry : "i can only ask if this being needs help only as suggestions and ending with anything else#..Genkai+Blossom..The Professional Oak Halves,Gary+Lillie un..long,#
Q15 : "are you unhappy with your sister-in-law being intrinsic(all un..long,Gary..The Feathered Ones..Genkai+Blossom un..long).."
Strawberry : "next question eccentric (all un..long,..Gary..bro why law demands you to be but not me,all un..long,..Gary..your sis-in-law..Parachute Map, anything else,all un..long)
Q16 : "why do you never sign your name only refernece(all un..long).."
Strawberry : "as there's a motivation to keep updating technology to recognise things as unique not actual.."
