..(🐺@Monroe)..
Monroe(frown) : "Guzzle Humdrum has left for Interregional travels Mr Bistorter thus that curse of existence must have left too along the ambiguous fruits(all un..long).."
🐺(solemn) : "what's written in this paper Munu.."
Monroe(seeing,scowl) : "i see i stopped at () for 5 minutes for inspection on () case at () hotel sadly IN existence(all un..long)..Meji call Dofie in she has to answer MANY a Routines(all un..long)"
Dofie(after all set,solemn) : "i was looking at everything Sir when suddenly someone asked me of a direction i was surprised cause of my position and status then i recalled existentially exactly when i heard i was asked of this question excuse me compeer can you tell me how to reach this direction without any specificity Sir rest i understood is assured in the meantime 5 long minutes passed consequences insured(all un..long).."
🐺(frown) : "i see and it's written here..Fonnie read it(all un..long).."
Fonnie(too excited) : "greetings compeers did you understand me compeer are you dependent on time to do so..
Ei..Police..look is halt reflection thinking/Oh Police..look effective dong ding/SoS..Police/Halt SoS..look Police/Ei Gyre Gyre Gyre shows/Ei Police look though first Gyre knows(all un..long)..(too happy)..Sir Sir why i stopped(all un..long).."
🐺(frown) : "your performances are too much in accordance to protocols hence your promotion and increment now Phantom(all un..long).."
Fonnie(excited) : "yeah yeah Musu said said too thus as being said by my daughter-in-law(all un..long,..Itzel&Yagmur..The Infact Ones,all un..long,..Moussa+Aimee too un..long).."
🐺 (frown) : "indeed actuality look presence now random(all un..long)..let me see it because you know you don't need it as it's renumerated not enumerated as part of causality heuristic's mere Hologram(all un..long..).."
Fonnie(too excited) : "yeah yeah Terry i spoke with he said too albeit he didn't like the lack of homogeneity in terms of usage not applicability just(all un..long)..
Hurry Gyre look you Notion Centre/Understand else look reason's Coffin on structure Saunter/Fuh..oh..mere..shoo..just spur#/Spontaneous look cannot be jarred(all un..long,..Cedar..Photoshop Apps,all un..long).."
..(Later,Pedal Ponder{Coffin Saunter}=Looking Vendor@Orphanage Care Worker's Association,Dretxobdun Village,Saokirtin Area,Thinhagompel City,Jevdumnitol Block,Xupoulvin Section,Unova)..
Memeber1(frown) : "no i wasn't treated.."
Member2(frown) : "definitely and neither the pay.."
Member3(frown) : "what can i do i too work for security.."
Member4(frown) : "it's not possible to provide if there's nothing to provide with expect mere verbal garbage.."
Ponder(suddenly coming inside in the small club) : "Hurry want moment's Tiffin Concur/Else validatory Coffin on causality Saunter/Looking look is presence for intellectual Vendor/Goal thus pedal from admittance to essence reception's ponder/Hurry spontaneous camper/finish up the tiffin of this else look Is's coffin on meaning Saunter/thus understanding look is asking being to be decision's vendor/hurry analysis pedal determination's on facts the referential ponder.."
Member1(angry) : "hey hey zip it ok we tried to find much solace in your works which has thrown us into the essence of anxiety without any way to get out not even a counter(all un..long,..Cedar..I can't do anything if you talk in riddles always,all laugh..lot,..Cedar..i said something Cidy alas meaning mere perception,all un..long,..Cedar..thus i give you my answer as well find a new bunch of fools we've understood our..,..Cedar..shut up you axiomatic brat understood therefore among us,all un..long,..Gladys..Mr Ah Mintu Ortiz,all un..long,..Cedar..see how you've separated me from both my sibling and other half,all laugh..lot,..Cedar..Hurry Solution Panther/Effect look unless is oriented as else work's Coffin on result Saunter,all un..long,..Cedar..oh yeah oh yeah what if someone approaches you saying HE cherishes you much,all un..long,..Cedar..Action look is asking self to be Motion's Vendor/Virtually thus hurry from lexicon to being pedal notion's ponder,all un..long,..Cedar..so you've been at the centre of much ATTENTION then,all un..long,..if i was Cidy..alas Coffin look Saunter the most implied the least disambiguated,all un..long,..Cedar..Pedal Ponder,all un..long).."
Ponder : "well centuries ago compeers just as grammar knew it#..i was in relationship with many who strangely told ownself they weren't in commitment to only one not any..alas reflection now empty of average and many..the most conservative.."
Member2(frown) : "none of it gives us no methods still like we said.."
Ponder : "if two moments mean differently then there's ego if not then there's no moment only this as so no oh to compare if then there's no the in is as specific there's no consciousness thus existing is only cyclic hence the method of pondering in instantaneous progress makes duality and illusion to digress towards actual and factual pedals the intellectual regress hence look vendor now teether query on that or else mere conservation's success thus any methods compeers is only the Coffin of a Saunter thus indeed's access if questioned answer is only in terms of thus alas thus in self only downgrades in thus..Office look hence Answer left for no more meaning but sense..countering..anything deemed as essence..no..(goes away)..
Hurry Situation Teller/Hurry Forsight Mailer/Hurry Surviving Dealer/Hurry Cherishing Healer/Hurry Concurrence Nailer/Hurry Oneness Smeller/Hurry Countering Seller/Hurry Hurry Hurry..Pedals Real Ponder..(goes away).."
Member3(excited) : "so we'll ask for more involvement from authority themselves will have to figure things out..countering(all un..long,..Cedar..Coffin Saunter,all un..long)
Member4(smile) : "also that will mean we have to hurry to reliability from effectivity's Panther(all un.. long,..Cedar..Looking Vendor,all un..long)
Member5(excited) : "Oh Office Answer /Ah Just Pedals Ponder(all un..long,..Cedar..Fugitives of Fruition,all un..long).."
